terry trained in a face mask ahead of the champions league tie in valencia .
president musharraf says his actions are for the good of the country .
the university of texas students went into airman 's cave saturday .
diana and dodi fayed inquest jury to hear `` scene setting '' evidence .
england already eliminated from world twenty20 after south africa beat nz .'
they secure the title ahead of spartak moscow after a 1-0 win at ramenskoye .
`` inspiring impressionism '' runs through january 31 , 2008 , at the high museum .
chester arthur stiles to make his initial court appearance friday .
 santiago fire deliberately started in two places , official says .
gillian gibbons , 54 , arrested after her class named teddy bear `` mohammed '' .
`` directed assignments '' will be enforced if enough officers do n't volunteer in iraq .
 tip leads police to john lewis at homeless shelter in miami .
lewis is suspected in fatal shooting of philadelphia ofc .
 russia to send bomber aircraft on long-range flights on a permanent basis .
lucarelli impressed by scoring twice in the recent victory over south africa .
black hawk helicopter had 11 people aboard .'
differences with clinton will be clear in `` next phase '' of campaign , obama says .
 r.e.m.
manhunt underway for suspect , chester arthur stiles , 37 .'
t.i.
 `` rainbow man , '' or the john 3:16 guy , is in prison .
a proposed service will send sms to passengers informing when bags arrive .'
khan 's allegations of torture redacted in court documents .
 sharon long is forensic artist who creates faces from skulls .
 riots in french suburb for second night after two teens killed in police crash .
violence spreads from villiers-le-bel , north of paris , to two nearby towns .
richardson says he would call on musharraf to step down , thompson disagrees .
pakistan : our nuclear weapons as secure as those held by other nuclear states .'
pojamarn shinawatra faces corruption charges that could imprison her for 20 years .
embassy spokeswoman said that the injuries were not thought to be serious .'
hussein was captured in 2003 and hanged in 2006 .
rape victim was convicted of being alone with an unrelated man .
 fire doused on the top floors and roof of monte carlo resort .
jamie lynn spears is 16 , and her boyfriend -- the father of her child -- is 18 .
police believe child found dead in box is riley ann sawyers , 2 .
new : eric rivera jr. will be tried as an adult .
spitzer resigns wednesday , two days after he is linked to call-girl ring .
openness to foreign ownership is the `` natural path '' , she says .
 multi-million selling writer has `` a very rare form of early onset alzheimer 's '' .
the boy was playing with matches ; the blaze destroyed 21 homes .
raghad , wanted in iraq on terrorism charges , currently living in jordan .
police say he was depressed , threatened to kill kids .
stolen rockwell found in steven spielberg 's collection decades after theft .
newspaper says the target was its cartoonist kurt westergaard .
on gcc single currency : it is a huge leap towards efficiency , conciliation .
 debra lafave 's probation forbids her to have contact with anyone under 18 .
 ruins of an aztec pyramid uncovered in iztapalapa neighborhood , mexico city .
gibbons found guilty of insulting religion , sentenced to 15 days in jail .
new : 275 delta flights were canceled thursday for safety inspections .
 gray wolves officially no longer considered endangered .
opposition lawmakers with `` reduced presence '' in congress decry move as `` illegal ''
donohoo lives in tennessee with his parents and works at a hospital .
`` i never thought courtney would do this , '' mother tells television station .
father claims character translates as `` love him '' .
 police said man lost his balance on an escalator as fans left the stadium .
u.s. military charges marine after girl dropped charges in february .
 kevin kuranyi 's early goal gives schalke a 1-0 home victory against hamburg .
new : other roadside bombs in baghdad kill one police officer , injure four people .
father in mexico : `` he says things are worse there in california than over here ''
 democrats ' system includes about 800 superdelegates -- party officials , leaders .
he has played 96 tests for australia and 277 one-day internationals .
the activists boarded the japanese whaling vessel to deliver a letter .
investigator : 64-year-old richard leith died at hospital .
 new : president daniel ortega said move `` in solidarity '' with ecuador .
 report : chinese authorities confirm that captive giant pandas are safe .
cesar armando laurean is charged with first-degree murder .
 report : chinese authorities confirm that captive giant pandas are safe .
the argentine sustained the injury in tuesday night 's 1-0 victory over celtic .
acting immigration chief judged costume contest .
relationship allegedly involves a subordinate female red cross employee .
`` bum-bot '' is armed with a water gun and loudspeaker .
 sin hwa dee founded by former soya salesman and soya production operator .
 more than 92 percent of writers vote to end 100-day walkout and return to work .
writers guild of america strike began november 5 .
order is related to investigation of 60 people who disappeared in 1970s .
sen. hillary clinton accuses sen. barack obama of caving to special interests .
libya has tried to normalize relations with u.s. by renouncing terrorism .
government : men appear strong and healthy , live in communal shelters .
 cnn readers recall good and bad memories of mres .
 new : clinton says she 's not making any decisions tonight .
 suspect says on hidden camera holloway appeared to have died on beach .
china says suspects confessed ; cnn could not confirm .
experts say it is believed to date from the third or fourth century b.c.'
sanrio 's most famous character is hello kitty , a moon-faced cat .
experts say it is believed to date from the third or fourth century b.c.'
at least 35 iraqis killed in attacks sunday .
 two men arrested in spanish enclave of melilla , near morocco .
mehdi kazemi says he will face persecution in his homeland .'
miller got virginia court to block visitation ; friday 's ruling overturns that .
new : agency acknowledges that procedures need to be changed .
the brazil forward has been in talks with ac milan but no fee has been agreed .
 samsung group chairman lee kun-hee announces resignation , apologizes .
 the nba is planning a european division of up to five teams claims a report .
iraqi security forces , shiite militants have been fighting in sadr city for weeks .
 president manuel zelaya says honduran fruit has no salmonella .
 new england quarterback tom brady sacked five times in super bowl loss .
 ruben navarrette shares what hispanic readers are saying to him .
manchester united winger also retained his player of year award from peers .
successes in iraq and afghanistan `` will come , '' he told the class .
 former u.s. army colonel pleads guilty to bribery and conspiracy .
i-reporter myke goings documented the event .'
 the majority of the troops will be based in juarez , mexico .
 gabe watson has been charged with 2003 death of his wife during honeymoon .
the players will wear pink ribbons , the color of the mcgrath foundation .
politics `` was just something that i always grew up around , '' he says .
colombian rebels captured three men in 2003 when their plane crashed .'
 iraqi islamic party calls quran incident `` blatant assault '' on muslim holy book .
many clinton supporters still are not ready to back obama .
 twenty-nine convicts were hanged , according to iranian state tv .
ioc said thursday iraq was banned from summer games , which start next month .
 war powers act is `` ineffective '' and should be repealed , blue-ribbon panel says .
80 percent of u.n. 's food aid to somalia sent by ship .
 price of a gallon of gasoline at record high national average of $ 4.086 on june 30 .
 swede ara abrahamian disqualified from olympics , stripped of bronze medal .
forecasters : fay will become a hurricane in florida on thursday .
 the rev.
rick warren will play host to candidates at his church .
 prachanda , communist party of nepal chairman , won 464 out of 577 votes .
 twenty-nine convicts were hanged , according to iranian state tv .
15 criteria were grouped into categories -- eat smart , be fit , live well .
his september 2007 `` last lecture '' became internet sensation , best-seller .
80 percent of u.n. 's food aid to somalia sent by ship .
 photos of taliban in the uniforms of dead french soldiers provokes outrage .
 programs used to select young lawyers for summer interns and honors program .
he ranks 19th in the world in the forbes rich list .
on gcc single currency : it is a huge leap towards efficiency , conciliation .
 photos of taliban in the uniforms of dead french soldiers provokes outrage .
haul includes pieces by cezanne , van gogh , degas and monet .
new york times suggests mccain submit piece that mirrors barack obama 's .
`` sopranos '' actor has new film about mental illness .
operation enduring freedom has killed 585 americans since 2001 .
 abu uthman suspected of masterminding jill carroll 's 2006 kidnapping .
article quotes anonymous bill clinton aides discussing his anger , reports of women .
another u.s. soldier is being held in connection with the killings .
 violence in johannesburg spreads to cape town , resulting in one death .
 more than 400 children likely to return to families , cnn 's jeffrey toobin says .
the incident occurred over the california state line from arizona .
 amnesty international 's annual report `` reveals a world riven by inequality '' .
penn met with colombia ambassador over trade pact .
police raided city in march as part of investigation into corruption in football .'
woodrow wilson 's daughter followed a guru to india .
 benazir bhutto international airport on high alert .
in july , a grand jury indicted six other members of the sect .'
 palin meets with world leaders on sidelines of u.n. world summit .
holographic televisions could come out of the wall or up from a table .
bear stearns was facing `` run on the bank '' on friday .
 monica was diagnosed with deadly , flesh-eating bacteria after c-section .
doctors amputated monica 's limbs , did 37 surgeries .
 prince bandar bin sultan : u.s. did not engage saudis in serious , credible way .
 the two britons will be deported after they complete their sentence .
texas woman wonders whether it was worth it to ride out storm in home .
gunman at omaha , nebraska , mall killed 8 people and himself .
share your memories of pink floyd and wright at ireport.com .
palin says she did not intend to imply that parts of america more patriotic than others .
shanghai is hosting the special olympics to great fanfare .
homes for our troops builds homes for disabled veterans to meet their needs .
pop star was released with a caution for possession of class a , class c drugs .
press reports claim police were tipped off by a suspicious toilet attendant .'
 maria sharapova withdraws from the bejing olympics due to a shoulder injury .
 attorney general : deputy shot himself twice in the chin , once in side of the head .
shots to deputy 's head `` consistent with self-inflicted wounds '' .
previous autographed rowling pieces have raised millions of dollars .'
he was captured friday night and faces six counts of first-degree murder .
 man pleads not guilty to charges of felonious assault .
teenagers probably will not be charged ; one was shot in arm .'
 tv news anchor attracts controversy with interview of sen. joe biden .
 man pleads not guilty to charges of felonious assault .
teenagers probably will not be charged ; one was shot in arm .'
government : men appear strong and healthy , live in communal shelters .
girls unlikely to serve whole sentence as have been in jail more than 6 months .
 david novak was made ceo of yum !
new president has pledged to close guant\xc3\xa1namo and end torture , he says .
security raised at all the nation 's airports amid intelligence on terrorist activity .
o.j.
jim smith traded in his home for a 25-foot sailboat .
 o.j.
defense attorneys say they will appeal judge 's sentence .
 robbers -- some in drag -- steal estimated $ 102m in loot from paris jewelry store .
 new : victory proves anything is possible in america , obama says .
british nato soldier dies in mine explosion in helmand province .'
 opposition parties seek to oust prime minister stephen harper 's government .
conviction overturned on appeal ; he was acquitted in second trial .
 nobody knows origin of rumor that nashville was running out of gas .
conviction overturned on appeal ; he was acquitted in second trial .
the b-52h stratofortress was based at barksdale air force base in louisiana .'
 blake mycoskie talks about his innovative business , toms shoes .
 anh `` joseph '' cao is first vietnamese-american elected to the u.s. house .
new : georgia 's president : `` a full-scale aggression has been launched '' .
becky oliphant celebrated her 50th by skydiving in florida .
layoffs would save $ 1.2 billion a year but cost $ 400 million in severance packages .'
 viagra helped 25 million men with erectile dysfunction and bring awareness .
zimbabwe 's information minister maintains crisis is under control .
van der sloot said videotaped story of how woman died was lie .
jim smith traded in his home for a 25-foot sailboat .
 soldiers : army denied them disability rating , so they were denied benefits .
lawsuit filed by veterans advocacy group on behalf of vets with ptsd .
olic will join from bundesliga rivals hamburg at the end of the current season .
victory gives the south africans an unassailable 2-0 lead in their series .
bell was arrested last week on suspicion of shoplifting .
hoy will compete in the 2012 olympics as sir chris after three golds in beijing .
attorney says parents `` rue the fact '' they did n't report him missing .
 phil donahue co-directed , co-produced `` body of war '' .
before becoming mayor , bloomberg was billionaire businessman .'
he 's shooting ! ''
anbar attacks down to a few a day , gen. james conway says .
 alonzo bland from green bay , wisconsin , arrived in beijing weighing 640 pounds .
cadillac xlr-v roadster can compete with the mercedes sl-class .
the hatchback will make the subaru impreza wrx sti a collectible later .'
one killed , one wounded , palestinian security sources say .
diana and dodi fayed inquest jury to hear `` scene setting '' evidence .
 new : hillary clinton : the time is now for democrats to unite .
beatles author says band were a `` spiritual force '' themselves .
cancer recurrence could explain weight loss .
irungu now has four kidneys , but only one works properly .'
 stimulus bill passed in the house with no support from republicans .
sarah palin for supporting aerial wolf hunting .
shelby : economy `` will continue to tank '' unless banking system is addressed first .
 out-of-control school bus crashes into dozens of cars in phoenix , arizona .
french pm fillon hopes package will stimulate 1.3 percent in 2009 .
with francisco velasco delgado 's removal , military takes control of police .
 new : alfred brock , 64 drove up to capitol barricade with a rifle in his vehicle .
he is 0.34 seconds faster than compatriot haile gebrselassie 's old record .
 president obama says beverly eckert was `` tireless advocate '' .
united states , kenya working out legal details .'
lee friedlander pic sold by christie 's for $ 37,500 .
 aretha franklin : cold weather affected rendition of `` my country 't is of thee '' .
sherrod brown casts deciding vote after being flown from mother 's wake .
victory gives the south africans an unassailable 2-0 lead in their series .
chesley b.
the manas base is used to transport key supplies and troops into afghanistan .
 nearly 5 billion tonnes of carbon absorbed by undisturbed tropical forests .
openness to foreign ownership is the `` natural path '' , she says .
turkish state broadcaster trt then cut the broadcast .
pop star was released with a caution for possession of class a , class c drugs .
press reports claim police were tipped off by a suspicious toilet attendant .'
in early 20th century , pills alleged to contain tapeworms were sold for weight loss .
rubina ali and azharuddin ismail greeted by crowds , celebration , paparazzi .
british pm gordon brown offered his condolences in parliament .'
w. afghanistan : airstrike launched after a coalition convoy was attacked .
international teams have long expressed concern about security in pakistan .
security raised at all the nation 's airports amid intelligence on terrorist activity .
 pakistani leader has gone far in reaching out to india , amanpour says .
playboy says cover was never meant to portray any religious figure .
house mice not native to the island are killing and eating chicks .
helg sgarbi 's admits trying to blackmail bmw heiress and others .
group had been snowmobiling in southeastern british columbia , canada .
two of 11 buried riders managed to rescue themselves , find third victim .'
 david mann plays mr. brown in `` meet the browns '' .
 ali al-marri due to appear in court on tuesday ; he 's charged with conspiracy .
 shakespeare group unveil `` only '' portrait of playwright painted during his lifetime .
it was painted in about 1610 -- or six years before shakespeare 's death .
helg sgarbi 's admits trying to blackmail bmw heiress and others .
 body of jon kenoyer delivered to pets plus in philadelphia , pennsylvania .
 barcelona beat lyon 5-2 in second leg to reach champions league last eight .
davis , a dancer and actress , married sammy davis jr. in 1970 .'
president zardari 's party had vowed to reinstate judges after winning election .
five english premier league teams have dropped prices for season passes .
the win lifts hamburg into fourth in the table , four points behind leaders hertha .
 college student : i miss my dog more than i miss my parents .
cristiano ronaldo has been tipped as a favorite to win the award .
 madagascar military hands power to opposition leader andry rajoelina .
hughes featured in documentary that questions disease treatment guidelines .
 number of mexicans seeking asylum in u.s. on the rise .
more than 2,000 kids lay out loops at speedway track .
the all-electric model s sedan will go for a base price of about $ 50,000 .
mount redoubt is about 100 southwest of anchorage , alaska .
t.i.
ray on touring : can be draining , but `` not like digging a ditch ''
 egyptian twin boys are less than a year old .
 w.h.o.
civil war with tamil tigers has killed more than 65,000 .'
 british tabloid blames ufo for destroying wind turbine blade .
officials searching for marcus schrenker , who they say parachuted out of plane .
asia and africa could benefit the most from such jobs , report co-author says .
tuesday 's episode centers on child soldiers .
her mao and buddha collections were launched in 1995 and 1997 .
wta chief larry scott warned dubai tournament could lose place on calendar .
six states and district of columbia ban handheld cell phones by drivers .
rod blagojevich begin .
 parents often read to their children what was read to them when they were young .
davis , a dancer and actress , married sammy davis jr. in 1970 .'
 u.s. president barack obama : unprecedented steps to restore growth .
tuesday 's episode centers on child soldiers .
 egyptian twin boys are less than a year old .
 najib razak sworn in as asian nation 's sixth prime minister .
`` i was just pushed so far , '' sharron diane crawford smith , 60 , told police .
 like reagan , obama takes a defiantly optimistic tone in speech to congress .
 baby bonobo ape takes flight from uk to germany to start new life in frankfurt .
spandau ballet 's sound , style and attitude came to define the 1980s .
 mainsail 's ` port of the month ' is cape town , south africa .
 african union official condemns attack that also wounded 24 .
 demi moore was recipient of suicide threat on twitter .
zimbabwe faces cholera epidemic , economic crisis .
wen jiabao on three day visit to uk .
 abraham lincoln of washington state is a 23-year-old paralegal .
 federico macheda scores stoppage time winner for manchester united .
`` this is the best day of my life , '' macheda said after the victory .
act named for woman whose discrimination victory was overturned in 2007 .'
 megan joy dropped from `` american idol '' on wednesday night .
creation of `` green '' energy jobs is among hallmarks of stimulus bill .
what do you think ?
 photographer peter turnley covered president barack obama 's inauguration .
eu 's maritime security center believes crew is safe .
 suspect says four children accidentally burned with sulfuric acid .
he suffered burns to his face and chest and underwent skin graft surgery .
mosul , 260 miles north of baghdad , called last urban stronghold of al qaeda in iraq .'
cobain , frontman for band nirvana , has been influential in music .
 the obamas ' belongings will be moved into the white house on tuesday .
 kite boarder alexandre caizergues , of france , holds the world sailing speed record .
 on scale of 1 to 10 , `` i believe it 's a 10 , '' gen. ray odierno says of timetable .
 zellweger and connick became friends quickly on the `` new in town '' set .
police officer also wounded in shooting .'
 body thought to be of austrian tourist found off thai coast .
leader of democrat party since 2005 , now leads coalition government .
 three groups file challenge to proposition 8 , which bans same-sex marriage .
 new : police believe man shot woman in murder-suicide .
rod blagojevich to step down .
 donald trump says executives should have caps on their salaries .
 crew member stabbed pirate in the hand to retake maersk alabama , sailor says .
 shakespeare group unveil `` only '' portrait of playwright painted during his lifetime .
it was painted in about 1610 -- or six years before shakespeare 's death .
khyber agency is in border region between afghanistan and pakistan .
 chris nowinski played football at harvard , then wrestled professionally .
he faces 15 years to life in prison for shooting death of lana clarkson .
regan 's humor is observational , focuses on everyday life .
aldean : '' -lsb- i -rsb- would not pay 80 bucks to go see me ! ''
 in 1983 , arizona was first state to tax holders of illegal drugs or moonshine .
mitchell suspected of luring teen girl on myspace.com .
jose sucuzhanay , brother assaulted by group of men after leaving party .
gunman killed josh myers ' wife and 18-month-old daughter on their porch .
 main suspect 's lawyer removed as she represents a witness in the case .
 december 21 , 2012 , marks the end of a 5,126-year cycle on a mayan calendar .
buzz surrounds possible show featuring octuplet mom and her children .
 nathaniel frank : some retired military officers oppose letting gay troops serve .
family found dead in oklahoma apartment on monday .
 auction scheduled to take place in new york .
leonardo dicaprio and kate winslet give good performances .
actor currently appearing in `` the day the earth stood still ''
police : brown turned himself in after woman accused him of attacking her .
karen matthews , 33 , and michael donovan , 40 , jailed for 8 years .
more and more palestinians see `` one-state solution '' as only way forward .
 new : benedict xvi to be first pontiff to visit the dome of the rock .
current law bans drilling in most of the united states ' coastal waters .
mccain would consider incentives for states that allow coastal exploration .
58 agencies are involved in the massive inaugural security effort .
vitter reportedly had angry confrontation with airport worker .
rahman won best score and best song for the film `` slumdog millionaire '' .
no prosecution for actions consistent with memos , official says .
israeli prime minister has threatened to respond to ongoing attacks .'
terry j. sedlacek , 27 , charged with murder in winters ' death , aggravated battery .
ronaldo sustained injury playing for ac milan against livorno on wednesday .
that 's three more than last census and conservationists hope to identify more .
printemps is an upscale department store on the boulevard haussman .
four police , five civilians killed tuesday in mosul and baghdad , ministry says .'
how do you think awol players should be punished by their clubs ?
 cnn 's mainsail host shirley robertson is a double olympic gold medalist .
 capt.
how do you think awol players should be punished by their clubs ?
aldean : '' -lsb- i -rsb- would not pay 80 bucks to go see me ! ''
 main suspect 's lawyer removed as she represents a witness in the case .
the ghost chili has 1 million scoville units , the measurement of a chili 's heat .
gerry signed redistricting law in early 1800s .
service provides parents with online record of kids ' calls , texts and shared photos .
 sharks attacked 59 people worldwide in 2008 , florida researcher reports .
 ali saleh kahlah al-marri charged with conspiracy to provide support to al qaeda .
 actress natasha richardson fell on a beginners ' trail in quebec , canada .
 president : it 's up to attorney general to decide about prosecution on interrogations .
jennifer muzquiz says she was discriminated against as a `` goth '' .
president zardari 's party had vowed to reinstate judges after winning election .
actor currently appearing in `` the day the earth stood still ''
 aretha franklin : cold weather affected rendition of `` my country 't is of thee '' .
 president obama discussed economy in hard-hit fort myers , florida .
 man selling his `` 867-5309 '' phone number on ebay .
one writer questions the cost of hosting the pro bowl .
paramedics found him unresponsive and he was pronounced dead at the scene .
show , `` smile : you 're under arrest , '' gets people with outstanding warrants .
u.s. embassy official in madrid : `` we know where the package is coming from ''
 r&b singer jazmine sullivan is up for five awards next month .
`` portrait of a musician playing a bagpipe '' was returned tuesday .
poppy plants used to produce opium and heroin .
16,000 residents of wainuiomata , near wellington have been banned .
 gwilym davies wins this week 's world barista championship in atlanta .
final exit network 's web site : volunteers offer `` guidance to self-deliverance ''
chris brown 's arraignment delayed until april 6 .
house mice not native to the island are killing and eating chicks .
blockades shut all cross-channel traffic at the three ports .
 facebook users plan to send condoms to pope benedict xvi .
tevez scored crucial goal as west ham avoided the drop in the 06-07 season .
maria lauterbach , 20 , in 2007 .'
cobb : u.s. cared about somalia , like afghanistan , during the cold war .
claudio lifschitz says he was abducted friday and men scarred his arm and back .
no signs of foul play at home where david kellermann found dead , police say .
 ang lee 's latest film , `` lust , caution '' is a film-noir spy tale set in shanghai .
u.s. justice department : lloyds tsb acknowledged `` criminal conduct '' .
rift related to iran 's reaction to morocco 's statement of solidarity with bahrain .
still , researchers say it is a step in the evolution of harmful computer programs .
as macs become more popular , they 're more likely to be targets , experts say .
 internet access remains erratic for journalists in beijing covering the olympics .
 more than 30 nigerian children have died after being given poisoned medicine .
german authorities seek him for alleged involvement in nazi camp killings .
huckaby charged in slaying of 8-year-old neighbor .
library of congress also opens an exhibit showcasing original items .
spanish police accuse group of bringing in cocaine from argentina .
 mohammad ajmal kasab is only surviving suspect in last month 's attacks .
rafik hariri killed in car bomb in beirut in february 2005 .
jury recommends death ; sentencing set for june 5 .'
 egyptian twin boys are less than a year old .
 abu uthman suspected of masterminding jill carroll 's 2006 kidnapping .
civil war with tamil tigers has killed more than 65,000 .'
body was found stuffed in trash bag , covered with mothballs .
group had been snowmobiling in southeastern british columbia , canada .
two of 11 buried riders managed to rescue themselves , find third victim .'
 megan joy dropped from `` american idol '' on wednesday night .
national cherry blossom festival marks the arrival of spring .
 expert for kelley blue book explains how to evaluate your car 's worth .
 one russian and one u.s. satellite collide at 10 km per second .
30 peasants killed friday in clashes in pando province .
lorrie thomas also was child 's biological aunt .
 idaho man places `` hand of god '' rock for sale on ebay .
rufus seder is the inventor of lifetiles and the only artist in the world using them .
22-page document outlines venture to pay international consultants .
 delta queen paddlewheeler has been in service since 1927 .
boat is last steam-powered paddlewheeler providing overnight passenger cruises .
motorcycle gang helped themselves to watches before making getaway .
pyongyang angered by u.n. condemnation of rocket launch .
two cases confirmed in kansas ; more suspected in new york .
 airports closed after blasts , and thousands of protesters taking over .
 tata bought the british-based luxury car maker earlier this year .
suleman , a mother of six , recently had octuplets .
prosecutors say he used online chat to solicit what he thought was underage girl .'
two dead , 50 wounded in capital , colombo .
 idaho man places `` hand of god '' rock for sale on ebay .
 new : plane ticket to netherlands dated may 2 , fbi says .
homeland security chief apologizes for `` any offense caused by this report ' .
some positions in demand do not require much course work .
massachusetts general hospital has about 400 jobs open .'
jekyll island club hotel in georgia was a retreat for the business elite in the 1800s .
 braddock , pennsylvania , thrived as a steel town .
peer thanks channel : ' i was very moved and excited to hear about your decision '
 obama tells cnn 's anderson cooper : ' i take responsibility for it ' .
daschle apologizes for what he says were honest mistakes involving taxes .
have information ?
 village of linkenholt , in southern england , up for sale for $ 33 million .
 ex-girlfriend says he denied having hiv/aids , had unprotected sex with her .
the atlanta duo recorded the album in just three weeks .
 president rafael correa calls foreign debt `` immoral and a betrayal of the country '' .
 brittanee drexel disappears on trip to myrtle beach , south carolina .
 the rev.
 sri lankan army web site : two heavily fortified defense positions overrun .
anthony williams says he knows he `` fits the description '' .
lawyer : fiancee megan mcallister planning to move to new jersey .
 stephan zielinski composed a song based on a swine flu gene .
 conflicts between parents , coaches and officials all too common in youth sports .
swiss albrecht was airlifted to hospital after lengthy treatment on the slopes .'
follow cnn 's dr. sanjay gupta on twitter .
one mind ministries members prayed for his resurrection .
yow 's north carolina state teams won 4 acc titles , reached final four .
100 militants attacked a checkpost and pakistani troops returned fire .
washington declares snow emergency , could get 10 inches by monday night .
he says viruses can survive for hours on various surfaces .
egypt mandated slaughter of pigs in country over news of swine flu .
provider aircell expects to have 1,200 planes equipped by the end of this year .
 a petition drive is fighting effort to let trucks carry larger loads .
behar : miss california usa has `` great career '' ahead of her .
 handful of firms from 23andme to decode offer dna tests to individuals .
 $ 410 billion spending bill for fy 2009 includes 8,000 earmarks .
hogan , 55 , says his comments are being taken out of context .
 brittanee drexel disappears on trip to myrtle beach , south carolina .
majority of blacks believe u.s. has made progress in race relations .
pink is the least available color on the market , with just 249 used vehicles listed .
what do you think ?
should female tennis players earn as much as men ?
 statement provides few details , is signed by al qaeda leader in afghanistan .
pakistani pm said if u.s. conducted airstrike , it violated pakistani sovereignty .
president obama to discuss incident with defense secretary .
couples plant 10 trees ; if they divorce , they must plant 50 others .
zinkhan suspected of killing his wife , two other people .'
provider aircell expects to have 1,200 planes equipped by the end of this year .
the rev.
new : singh stands with sonia gandhi , head of congress party , to thank voters .
 64 percent of americans in various polls approve of obama 's work so far .
 the rev.
aaron spelling produced `` charlie 's angels '' featuring farrah fawcett .
croslin acknowledges critics , but says `` this is what haleigh wanted '' .
grand jury also indicts three other members of polygamous sect .
 more than 6,200 babies now known to be ill , official says .
 government forces are fighting a rebel group in somalia 's capital , mogadishu .
 serbian police search for former bosnian serb commander ratko mladic .
bluewater productions series features `` strong , independent women '' .
 roland martin : by july , michael vick will have finished his 23-month sentence .
he says consumers should beware of `` going out of business '' sales .
dolla was at the beverly center mall in los angeles , his publicist said .
christiane amanpour : photos `` symbolic ... of all the troubles that the u.s. faced '' .
six of the victims were prostitutes and the seventh a runaway .
suspect has avoided arrest for 23 years and is not on any dna database .
 yusuf , formerly cat stevens , has new album : `` roadsinger '' .
 new : tractor-trailer driver , 21 , was intoxicated , official says .
treatment for `` silent '' heart attacks is similar to that for regular attacks .
grammy-winning cole scheduled a tour for cd `` still unforgettable ''
farrah fawcett has been fighting stage 4 anal cancer , which has spread .
 tata bought the british-based luxury car maker earlier this year .
it may be your software that 's slow , not your computer ; check for updates .
police : brian smith was hospitalized in serious condition after a suicide attempt .
 cnn goes to hollywood to get to grips with traveling in style .
the u.s. revoked his citizenship in 2005 , deported him to austria this week .
earlier report from cnn source suggested a potential problem .
jet veered off runway into a 40-foot-deep ravine during its takeoff in denver saturday .
 new .
 malia obama , 10 , sasha obama , 7 , will be in the public eye .
it is the first time an oscar-winner has starred in bollywood film .
army 's old guard transfers remains of soldiers who died in conflict .
as a last resort , call the hospital administrator on call .
wint was reported missing off daytona beach , florida , in september 1989 .
north also tested a short-range missile , white house says .
 ex-atlanta falcons quarterback michael vick released from prison on wednesday .
apa says he climbs to raise money for his village , at the foot of the mountain .
shuttle lands smoothly at 8:39 a.m. pt at edwards afb in california .
dissenting opinion says decision `` fundamentally alters '' state constitution .
 ex-atlanta falcons quarterback michael vick released from prison on wednesday .
chris coleman pleads not guilty to slayings of wife , two children .
 michael olivas : judge sonia sotomayor 's nomination is a historic moment .
the boat is a 52-foot racing yacht that requires a crew of 15 .
 a decommissioned u.s. navy warship was intentionally sunk off the florida keys .
former chelsea supremo now contracted with italian club until 30 june 2012 .'
lee friedlander pic sold by christie 's for $ 37,500 .
it tells the story of a young woman who embarks on an affair with an older man .
movement for the emancipation of the niger delta has declared `` all-out war '' .
texas company that makes the machines says business is down .
combat alert level unchanged , s. korean military spokesman says .
texas company that makes the machines says business is down .
bush discusses his marriage and life after presidency .
`` i am not so sure that if we had n't married , she 'd have voted for me , '' bush says .
 88 darfuri women interviewed in chad described `` profound '' suffering and fear .
 former polish leaders jaruzelski , walesa speak to cnn .
 supreme court justice , 76 , will receive chemotherapy treatments .
show , `` smile : you 're under arrest , '' gets people with outstanding warrants .
mali woman said she fears any daughter she had would be subject to mutilation .
 the island of sylt is five hours from berlin by train .
 incident on flight between antalya , turkey and st petersburg , russia .
no immediate response from tiger rebels on church blast , destroyed boat .
 war powers act is `` ineffective '' and should be repealed , blue-ribbon panel says .
new : snowfall cuts into shopping hours for retailers struggling with downturn .
police are looking for car pardo might have rented .
consumers would then pay regular fees to use the computer .
reader says books `` still have that same allure and that same passion ''
 n. korea says rocket containing `` communications satellite '' is ready for launch .
the 45-year-old has played for and coached england 's national side .
police allege the trainer ordered the wrestlers to beat the 17-year-old wrestler .
police believe bruce jeffrey pardo 's injuries prevented him from fleeing .
pakistan calls on u.s. ambassador to explain attack .'
second life is a virtual world where people represent themselves with avatars .
david savill , 22 , has asperger 's syndrome and founded a virtual gathering spot .
 president-elect barack obama mingles with troops in hawaii on christmas day .
zimbabwe faces cholera epidemic , economic crisis .
a car kit and professional installation cost about $ 2,000 .
u.s. embassy official in madrid : `` we know where the package is coming from ''
moussa dadis camara de facto president .
in separate hearing , judge says defamation suit against anthony can proceed .'
california donated figure for capitol rotunda to honor former president .
 prachanda , communist party of nepal chairman , won 464 out of 577 votes .
 south korea has one of the highest rates of suicide in developed countries .
 president obama visits buchenwald concentration camp , germany , on friday .
 mexican soldiers , organized-crime suspects fight in acapulco , authorities say .
 enya 's new album is `` and winter came '' .
kaden , at 4 months old , is training to become of the the few basenjis bomb dogs .
family and friends sponsor davis ' 2-car team in nationwide series .
 more and more high-end restaurants are offering low-calorie , healthy menus .
 the jabra bt3030 is a great , affordable option for a stereo bluetooth headset .
 perveen crawford , hong kong 's first female pilot , shows us around her favorite spots .
movement for the emancipation of the niger delta has declared `` all-out war ''
there are more than 230 confirmed cases of swine flu worldwide , according to who .
follow cnn.com writer 's road trip through blue ridge mountains , outer banks .
hijacked united flight 93 crashed in shanksville , pennsylvania .
nobody knows name of boy dubbed `` baby justice '' or `` baby angel '' .
 study finds dramatic range of radiation exposures for cardiac ct angiography .
 uk court rejects appeal calling for clarification of laws on assisted suicide .
 justice ruth bader ginsburg expects to return to the bench by february 23 .
 plot was against defense minister juan manuel santos , president says .
diplomat `` contacted ex-police officers , '' said morales .
bouey , who grew up in arkansas , saw his mother being mistreated by whites .
 president obama signs executive order calling for gitmo facility to close .
 vault manager worked for jacmel jewelry for 28 years .
goydos cards six birdies for five-under-par 65 to get to 12-under after 36 holes .
grimsson has been president of the republic of iceland since 1996 .
 essence magazine interviews senator , wife and children in chicago home .
 olympic swimmer eric shanteau found out about his cancer in june .
 departure of general motors ' ceo part of government 's bailout strategy , sources say .
move prompted by reports of fighting which killed civilians .
 u.n. : seven peacekeepers , including five rwandans , killed and 22 wounded .
 w.h.o.
 gov.
`` shame on me !
shame on us ! ''
few atms accept foreign cards , so you should take travelers ' checks .
more and more palestinians see `` one-state solution '' as only way forward .
 bomb detonated at mosque northeast of peshawar , pakistan .
 mike mette , a chicago police officer , is heading to prison this november .
 alain de botton authored the architecture of happiness .
new york jets superbowl win in 1969 was inspired by quarterback joe namath .
five english premier league teams have dropped prices for season passes .
he and afghan foreign minister will meet with clinton , holbrooke this week .
gov.
david paterson has said he would sign a same-sex marriage bill .
 watch out for spikey-haired parisians getting all tecktonik -- the latest dance style .
hijacked united flight 93 crashed in shanksville , pennsylvania .
 mainsail 's ` port of the month ' is cape town , south africa .
 vic armstrong was harrison ford 's stunt double in the indiana jones movies .
buster keaton is saved by an open window in `` steamboat bill jr. '' .
he sang enka with his japanese grandmother when he was a young boy .
wynwood and the design district are up-and-coming arts neighborhoods .
 november 's show comes from the world architecture festival in barcelona .
psychiatrist john cade pioneered lithium as a treatment for bipolar disorder .
dutchman antonie van leeuwenhoek discovered bacteria as a build-up on teeth .
 with all the mud in southern afghanistan , everyone stinks , barbara starr says .
biden and sen. lindsay graham meet in islamabad .
 new : deal would permit non-u.s. troops to stay into 2009 .
ban ki-moon last visited iraq in 2007 , when violence was still raging .
department of health and human services promulgated the rule last month .
 r&b singer jazmine sullivan is up for five awards next month .
 barcelona company claims its software can tell if a song will be a pop hit .
the manas base is used to transport key supplies and troops into afghanistan .
 mexican soldiers , organized-crime suspects fight in acapulco , authorities say .
ireport.com : share your national wear red day experience .'
 devil 's punch bowl , near depoe bay , features dramatic water displays .
 israeli president shimon peres says this is an `` opportunity to make peace '' .
peres meets with u.s. envoy george mitchell , who urges resumption of peace talks .
reyes remained conscious throughout the crash which killed 154 people .
u.n. estimates more than 50,000 civilians trapped in area under siege .
capt.
thousands of ahmadinejad supporters crowd streets of central tehran .
libya has tried to normalize relations with u.s. by renouncing terrorism .
but numbers set to rise in 2009 because of pakistan , sri lanka , somalia conflicts .
roberts told medics she had just delivered baby .
 state department report documents human trafficking .
india officials say kasab has admitted he and other attackers were pakistani .
animal rights groups say circus violating 1973 endangered species act .
circus attorney says elephants `` thriving in ringling bros. care . ''
 maria sharapova elevated to 24th seed by as wimbledon announces seeds .
green is the campaign color of mir hossein moussavi .
wta chief larry scott warned dubai tournament could lose place on calendar .
coach ed thomas has died after being shot inside a school .
 michael jackson , the `` king of pop , '' made headlines for more than his music .
 dreamworks studios hesitates on movie about martin luther king jr. .
dexter king has ok 'd project without notifying his siblings .
no contact has been made with the pilot , who was on a routine training mission .'
she is co-hosting the fourth season of the talent competition `` gospel dream '' .
south carolina gov.
recording ceo : jackson `` influenced everyone who has come after him ''
he says the final years of his life were bizarre and sad .
 fans across the world remark on jackson 's music .
lennox set up sing charity to combat hiv and aids in africa .'
mtv had been criticized for not airing videos by black artists .
 lisa-marie presley , jackson were married from 1994 to 1996 .
presley says their marriage was not `` a sham '' as press has said .
the transit authority wants to replace its aging series 1000 cars .
 fans across the world remark on jackson 's music .
 several professional athletes have recently had staph infections .
 ripken played in 2,632 consecutive mlb games .
images were taken by japanese imaging instrument on nasa satellite .
 urban escapes nyc offers trips aimed at the young and thrifty .
 judge sonia sotomayor nominated to be the next supreme court justice .
 qatar 's economy is booming , but emirate has the highest inflation rate in gulf .
vice chancellor : honduras prepared to withdraw from oas .
muqtada al-sadr : withdrawal should include all the occupation forces .
kobayashi vowed to avenge defeat from last year .
 monument in new york harbor closed since 9/11 attacks .
 `` we believe a killer is off the streets , '' official says .
but both on rise in peru and bolivia , report finds .
sen. mitch mcconnell says bush was ' a millstone around our necks ' .
 vault manager worked for jacmel jewelry for 28 years .
 will jackson be buried among other stars at a forest lawn location ?
forty-eight children died in fire ; 14 remain hospitalized .
savage , 20-plus others banned from entering britain for `` stirring up hatred '' .
 president obama travels to egypt , germany , france in june .
 gov.
 streets sealed off around london blaze .
 gordon brown : afghanistan campaign crucial to preventing terror attacks .
attacks were reprisals for capture of member of la familia gang .
 sonia sotomayor grew up in crime-ridden bronx neighborhood .
23 civilians have died in the state 's troubled kandhamal district this month .
and that 's when his head rolled over to the side , '' doug white says .
 kalahari resort in sandusky , ohio , doubled the size of the park in 2007 .
she says goldman and wall street helped bring down the u.s. economy .
 indian actor has been superstar of bollywood cinema for 40 years .
`` u.s. will do its part , '' bush tells international meeting .
egypt mandated slaughter of pigs in country over news of swine flu .
 risk factors for anal cancer include suppressed immune system , hpv , stds .
new cases of anal cancer number about 5,000 a year , with 680 deaths per year .
he starred in oscar-winners `` the godfather , '' and `` the godfather : part ii '' .
 15 servicemen have died this month , compared with 19 in september 2006 .
 oil billionaire t. boone pickens planning 4,000-megawatt wind farm .
 oxford asks prospective students : `` would you rather be a novel or a poem ? ''
in japan , shark fin is sold by herbalists , and is believed to promote well-being .
 taylor dies at chicago home of complications from may 19 surgery .
la repubblica publishes alleged conversation between d'addario , businessman .
system previously tested at staten island ferry , several u.s. airports .
arrive before 9 a.m. for tickets to climb up the washington monument .'
obama wants government-sponsored health insurance program .
the 58-year-old hutu man living in finland when he was arrested .
attorney charles limandri pens ultimatum to miss california usa director 's lawyer .
many presidents have added the phrase `` so help me god '' at end of oath .
 sgt.
some 3,000 mourners gather at the grave site of neda agha-soltan .
 an eco-friendly french boat is attempting to cross the northern sea route .
the tug boat has been modified with three sails and solar panels .'
 bollywood star anil kapoor played the quiz show host in `` slumdog millionaire '' .
 `` terminator salvation '' filmmakers decide to use many real robots .
airline surfboard baggage policies range from free to pricey .
secaucus mayor dennis elwell resigned earlier after being linked to investigation .
turkey is a secular nation but its population is mainly muslim .
proposal has brought protests among the secular population .
 the velvet tango room in cleveland was a speakeasy during the '20s .
clear was operating in 18 airports and served 250,000 passengers .
 checkpoint-friendly computer bags will be eligible for tsa screening saturday .
 lisa-marie presley , jackson were married from 1994 to 1996 .
presley says their marriage was not `` a sham '' as press has said .
 cnn talks to gina bianchini , ceo of ning , a fast-growing web site .
farrah fawcett has been fighting stage 4 anal cancer , which has spread .
mccain , other republicans criticize president obama 's warning against `` meddling ''
hearing monday on control of estate , custody of children .
 baltimore , maryland will hire 7,000-plus teens to work city jobs .
bethpage black is known for being a long course with punishing rough .
wall street journal report says pilot did n't have hands-on flight-simulator training .
 french lawmakers to consider whether burka threatens french secularism .
book also chronicles ollestad 's relationship with his father .
 incident on flight between antalya , turkey and st petersburg , russia .
woman previously arrested in the case was arraigned sunday .
he denies allegation he was involved in a prostitution ring .'
bodies of two adults from helicopter found below water , authorities say .
report 's author : `` we have failed .
1 hits .
single-engine plane , tour helicopter collided saturday over hudson river .
helicopter 's wreckage was pulled from the river sunday .
 england supporter shot in the leg in a bar in kyrgyzstan by an angry local .
documents : suspect tried to find victim by paying his phone bill .
source : jackson memorial to be tuesday at los angeles ' staples center .
sarah palin 's daughter last week .
widespread protests rocked iran in days after ahmadinejad 's re-election .
holocaust survivor , nobel laureate elie wiesel speaks of father dying at buchenwald .
widespread protests rocked iran in days after ahmadinejad 's re-election .
 streets sealed off around london blaze .
prime minister gordon brown among those expressing pride in system .
elite coaches turn to program run by ashridge business school to build skills .
reiss and nazak afshar arrested in connection with protests after june 12 election .'
sheriff 's department is investigating death of anislav varbanov .
 judge appointed attorney for interests of michael jackson 's children .
discussion between estate , aeg live is ongoing .
he says the public supports comprehensive immigration reform .
 iranian protesters use site that refreshes web page to hack official sites .
 michael phelps sets new men 's 100m fly world record time of 50.22 .
pageant officials say prejean 's firing due to `` contract violations '' .
 co-ops are non-profit organizations where patients elect a governing board .
 new : in massachusetts , coast guard recommends `` everybody stay off the beach '' .
 christoph waltz plays nazi col. hans landa in quentin tarantino 's new movie .
gen. alexei pukach , who has been on the run for years , was captured tuesday .'
man who said he was a rockefeller faces 15 years in prison .
 faa to examine training at regional airlines to make sure it meets federal standards .
 church of england looking to be more welcoming to unmarried parents .
 new : one of three people in maine swept into atlantic ocean by wave dies .
 for more than 20 years the kleeman family has collected space-inspired items .
sunday morning crash of two trains killed one driver .
a 44-year-old man was stabbed in the chest and police made 13 arrests .
health care overhaul a priority for president obama ; early plans have had hang-ups .'
 sen. arlen specter of pennsylvania addresses raucous crowd 's concerns .
company clarified a vehicle was wrecked but no shots fired at convoy .
democratic party of japan set for its first majority .
dpj 's yukio hatoyama has obama-style message of change .
french gorilla yeboah is being sent from la boissiere du dore zoo , nw france .
peru also threatens to go to court : over maritime dispute with chile and bolivia .
resolution requires arms sales notifications , inspection of suspect vessels .
dr. leroy carhart of nebraska was understudy of tiller 's .
police chief says it appears women `` suffered a similar death '' .
 sussex police confirm they are reviewing information on brian jones ' death .
 new : french passengers aboard ; most on plane are comoran .
crash occurs as plane tries to land at airport , official says .
8th person being sought is u.s. citizen ; public told not to be worried .
 sussex police confirm they are reviewing information on brian jones ' death .
french oceanographic ship will conduct new searches .'
lower court had ruled in his favor in 2006 , but another partly overturned ruling in 2008 .
the fire was at 38 percent containment thursday , officials say .
two very rich women left millions to their dogs .
hillary clinton is related to angelina jolie , jack kerouac and madonna .
 islamic republic appoints its first ever woman minister marzieh-vahid dastjerdi .
judge approves family 's request for jackson 's estate to pay for funeral .
kids say members made racist comments ; center 's check is returned .
crash occurs as plane tries to land at airport , official says .'
the rev.
six people refuse to evacuate their gold canyon ranch .'
 wookey hole caves in western england looking to hire a witch .
oudin honed her skills at the racquet club of the south in georgia .
operators of parachute not hurt ; 6 on ground , including children , are injured .
three men being returned to united states , charged under protect act .
french gorilla yeboah is being sent from la boissiere du dore zoo , nw france .
rimes and actor eddie cibrian have been photographed on vacation .
it could have a television and online audience in the hundreds of millions .
 there is an increase in demand for academic courses in islamic finance .
phillip garrido 's parole officer checked up on him at least twice a month .
 must see the sultan hassan mosque .
city blossoms in the summer when temperatures rise and sun barely sets .
 gelbart died of cancer at age 81 , his wife says .
sci spokeswoman says allegations in the lawsuit are not valid .'
usman javaid , an ohio student from pakistan , says u.k. questioned student status .
jackson was scheduled to perform 50 concerts at london 's o2 arena .
he also is a best-selling author and former radio host .
 chen , facing trial on corruption charges , had been free on bail .
 george hamilton 's formative years subject of `` my one and only '' .
attorney says parents `` rue the fact '' they did n't report him missing .
mark sanford is n't resigning , his office says .
 michael ian black now in `` michael and michael have issues '' .
documents : suspect tried to find victim by paying his phone bill .
 florida everglades are perfect place for burmese pythons to live and breed .
 spokeswoman : controller was talking to girlfriend on phone during accident .
 will jackson be buried among other stars at a forest lawn location ?
fellow travel companion shon meckfessel felt sick , stayed behind in iraq .
 spokeswoman : controller was talking to girlfriend on phone during accident .
prime minister gordon brown among those expressing pride in system .
 move follows offensive by yemeni forces against rebels in north .
 maria hinojosa : my daughter and i are wearing `` wise latina '' t-shirts .
army rejects request , cites druzin 's previous interactions with division .
hamas raided mosque where sermon delivered in rafah , seized control .
 `` terminator salvation '' filmmakers decide to use many real robots .
tags will let scientists track the two sharks .'
bodies removed from mass grave in fromelles , northern france .
the lack of nerves on a donor heart poses an extra challenge for transplant patients .'
 civilian contracted helicopter crashes during takeoff in kandahar , nato says .
roadside bomb kills three in marketplace near syrian border .'
 phillip paul recaptured sunday in goldendale , washington , authorities say .
xt-1 have developed a golf tee that can biodegrade in just three months .'
many scientists thought there was no water on the moon .
hosam maher husein smadi accused of plotting to bomb dallas skyscraper .
 taiwan 's leader says he takes blame for slow typhoon response .
richard phillips rescued earlier in april from pirates off somalia 's coast .
 new amnesty report says peru 's poor pregnant women dying of neglect .
 the millers , father-and-son soldiers , serve in the same squadron in afghanistan .
 rudy ruiz : after clinton , bush years , presidents are n't viewed as role models .
 taliban official hakeemullah mehsud was selected friday by 42-member panel .
 document shows richard m. nixon , emilio medici had like-minded goals .
 document shows richard m. nixon , emilio medici had like-minded goals .
she has been in jail for 18 years , convicted of plotting murder of rajiv gandhi .
former indian pm gandhi was killed in a suicide bomb attack in 1991 .'
news corp. , owner of the real new york post , calls endeavor a `` limp effort ''
check your instructor has the education and experience to improve your game .
former playboy model died of drug intoxication in 2007 .
 families have reunion meeting at resort in north korea , near border .
collars help researchers track bears ' movements .
 british tabloid blames ufo for destroying wind turbine blade .
raul flores , daughter , 9 , shot dead ; wire calls 911 .
winehouse 's divorce from blake fielder-civil should be made final next month .
 democratic sen. kent conrad favors health care cooperatives .
sunday morning crash of two trains killed one driver .
syria recalls its ambassador to iraq , state news agency says .
176 people also arrested , according to police .
at least 32 taliban fighters killed in response to attack .
 olympic swimmer eric shanteau found out about his cancer in june .
officials say new runways will make airports safer , more efficient .
body of jasmine fiore , 28 , found stuffed into a suitcase inside a dumpster .
mexican police say suspects are smugglers of humans .
 olympic swimmer eric shanteau found out about his cancer in june .
report : 23 percent of habitat has disappeared ; 60 percent of giant pandas affected .
 wednesday bombings of finance , foreign affairs ministries killed more than 100 .
attorney charles limandri pens ultimatum to miss california usa director 's lawyer .
kobayashi vowed to avenge defeat from last year .
 `` whip it ! ''
 aqua leisure industries recalls 14 models .
media expert : letterman handled reveal of alleged extortion brilliantly .
 study : life expectancy rose , mortality dropped during great depression .
 laura dekker , 13 , wants to become youngest person to sail solo around globe .
people 's mujahedeen organization of iran allied with saddam hussein in 1980s .
ireporter carlos ortega says beachfront houses are gone in his neighborhood .
bombing near indian embassy in kabul killed at least 17 people .
zurich decides against ban on posters on freedom of speech grounds .
`` it 's very powerful , '' says lucas .
 john feehery : obama 's nobel prize win surprised the right , the left , obama himself .
`` paranormal activity '' is using nontraditional marketing campaign .
sales engineers get paid the most on the list , at $ 89,770 .'
sonia sotomayor wins confirmation by 68-31 vote .
she will be the 111th justice , the third woman and first hispanic on high court .
 more than 290,000 veterans are buried at arlington national cemetery .
persona non grata : person unwelcome due to ideological differences .
arctic communities at a crossroads , directly and indirectly from climate change .'
fan : `` she does n't owe us anything '' about personal life .
the taxiway is parallel to a runway , but they 're marked differently .
 `` you light up my life '' songwriter joseph brooks indicted .
jealous : we must move beyond civil rights to human rights .
 peter bergen : most americans now oppose the war in afghanistan .
 culture-vulture david bartal has lived in stockholm for more than 20 years .
 marian salzman : for 30 years , baby boomers dominated politics , culture .
judge says he brought inmates to his office to mentor them .
dr. leroy carhart of nebraska was understudy of tiller 's .
coast guard craft had been on search for missing boater .
 gop 's chris christie will win new jersey governorship , cnn projects .
sales engineers get paid the most on the list , at $ 89,770 .'
the 45-year-old has played for and coached england 's national side .
 aqua leisure industries recalls 14 models .
chief of surgery : some patients will be `` physically impaired '' for life .
 `` grieve with us .
coach carlos queiroz selected him despite real 's objections due to his ankle problems .
study shows recreational golfers feel more angry and depressed after playing .
the second-seeded serb defeats croat marin cilic 6-2 7-6 in sunday 's final .
operation aimed at clearing taliban from southern afghanistan 's helmand .
yue : tiananmen was catalyst for `` execution , '' but painting does not depict it .
 space exploration has provided us with numerous medical benefits .
brandon piekarsky , 17 , gets 6 to 23 months for simple assault .
the wildlife will be returned to peru .'
 amtrak train hits car near south carolina-georgia state line .
 pope benedict xvi , anglican head to meet , discuss ideologies .
sources : ayatollah ali khamenei has n't replied to letter sent before june 12 election .
ousted honduran president jose manuel zelaya inside embassy .
wta chief larry scott warned dubai tournament could lose place on calendar .
california donated figure for capitol rotunda to honor former president .
we will put the best questions to arguably the world 's greatest living scientist .
obama is in moscow for two-day summit with president medvedev , putin .
fifa president sepp blatter says their disciplinary committee will investigate .
 official : let muslims be conscientious objectors , maj. nidal malik hasan said .
a woman dies in childbirth every 29 minutes , one in four children die before age 5 .
 jay leno concludes 17 years as `` tonight show '' host friday .
 maggie and andy sorrells once had a combined weight of nearly 1,000 pounds .
 high unemployment rates can handicap job seekers .
kurds regard kirkuk as part of kurdistan ; arabs and turkmen also lay claim to it .'
some pupils involved hope to go on to work in film industry .
spanish doctors performed face transplant including tongue this summer .
top was killed during the 18-hour raid , law enforcement sources say .
donington was to host british grand prix from 2010 but failed to secure $ 200 million for redevelopment .
 stevie wonder talks to cnn about his new u.n. role .
he has performed at the beijing games and china 's 60th anniversary .
three people are killed , 15 injured in roadside attack in southeastern baghdad .
did great society sputter because johnson over-promised ?
 iraqis hope for peace but fearful with start of muslim holy month .
 new : .
`` most calculators do n't handle what we do , '' accounting director says .
donington was to host british grand prix from 2010 but failed to secure $ 200 million for redevelopment .
 elizabeth alexander will be fourth poet to read at an inauguration .
 youssif continues to be treated in california for his burns , scars .
dna test proved child was n't hatley 's , but court still ordered back payment .
 `` increased level '' of intelligence sharing with turkey , says pentagon .
 `` whip it ! ''
 heidi pratt was rushed to a hospital in costa rica for undisclosed illness .
family of staff sgt.
about 50 people had spent up to two hours inside the `` sweatbox , '' officials said .
 there are about 76 million cases of food borne illnesses in the u.s. each year .
english accumulates new words from other languages and from its global reach .
nicola is on board the uss rentz in the arabian gulf .
 inhalable vaccine available only between ages 2 and 49 ; not for pregnant women .
keillor is expected to be released from the hospital on friday .
 `` the informant ! ''
`` the informant ! ''
 police have not released name of woman student stabbed in chemistry lab .
michelle on octuplets ' mom : `` i just ca n't imagine having eight at once '' .
 mexico 's huge drug industry is too powerful for u.s. border efforts , john gibler says .
phillip garrido 's parole officer checked up on him at least twice a month .
 texas attorney jack borden , 101 , still works 40 hours a week .
clinton : `` it was a wonderful feeling '' to help u.s. journalists in north korea .
so far , he has completed 60 chapters of `` american quran ''
facebook announces a new service to let internet users help translate sites .'
 york , pennsylvania , was the site of deadly race riots in 1969 .
issue of race has touched the community , says local naacp president .
u.s. state department spokesman calls temporary closings a precaution .
 man enters flood to rescue woman , 30 years after father drowned saving others .
mother teresa currently buried in missionaries of charity compound in kolkata .
minow : compensation committee members should be held to account .
vitamin injections are popular among celebrities and businessmen for fatigue .'
most of flights were into or out of san juan , puerto rico .
 now calls david letterman 's behavior inappropriate in the workplace .
 the gates foundation has pledged $ 100 million towards health research .
in program , duke played identical cousins patty and cathy lane .
 mcdonald 's to open restaurant in the mall of the world 's most visited museum .
talks are the first aimed at bringing a negotiated settlement to the afghan conflict .
pirates tried , failed to board one of his company 's cargo ships , the liberty sun .
academy has been nominating just five films for more than six decades .
hydrogen engines cheaper than hydrogen fuel cells , but they use more hydrogen .'
the boy is expected to recover , says cretan , who plans to visit the child .
south korea and japan have the lowest obesity rates .
176 people also arrested , according to police .
show has a hard-core audience of passionate fans .
 obama tells cnn 's anderson cooper : ' i take responsibility for it ' .
daschle apologizes for what he says were honest mistakes involving taxes .
bellini says he has the `` travel bug '' for international vacations .
building is on seaside cliff in pacifica , california , near san francisco .'
cnn 's tj holmes sat down with alicia keys to talk about her visit in africa .
sgt.
charges were dropped against professor henry louis gates jr.
vessel can travel at up to 26 k/h and is projected to cross atlantic in two weeks .
 two florida school administrators accused of violating consent order on prayer .
 in 2000 , kenyan man offered cows , goats for chelsea clinton 's hand in marriage .
sinovac biotech ltd is first company approved by the chinese government .
he walked on crutches for two miles a day to finish the london marathon .
 michaela garecht , 9 , kidnapped three years before jaycee dugard .
29-year-old juventus striker iaquinta , 29 , undergoes surgery on left knee .
 customs officials in australia find pythons and tarantulas in package .
 european union forces may have spotted couple 's yacht off somalia .
 tea party express bus tour concludes saturday at u.s. capitol .
they were allegedly photographed lying on trolleys and emergency helipad .
 florida everglades are perfect place for burmese pythons to live and breed .
the boy is expected to recover , says cretan , who plans to visit the child .
 angela merkel is elected german chancellor for a second time .
the marines ' ban is effective immediately and will last a year .
dunne covered the trials of the wealthy and notorious for vanity fair .
amnesty says gambian president yahya jammeh is behind the campaign .
`` it 's very powerful , '' says lucas .
most of flights were into or out of san juan , puerto rico .
 horse racing industry is the source of some 100,000 jobs in kentucky .
storm expected to weaken before it hits hawaii on monday .
allegations centered on serb-led campaign in kosovo in 1999 .'
cohen 's legal team intends to sue the blogger .
 americans abroad organize july fourth celebrations in their adopted homes .
delegation spoke with zelaya supporters , representatives of honduran government .
many teachers just want someone to blame , he says .
 tropical storm claudette 's winds pick up to 50 mph .
 italian mafia boss kept 40-kg reptile at his home near naples to threaten people .
 new : sebastian pinera , eduardo frei will face off in a runoff in chile 's presidential election .
national transportation safety board investigators are reviewing flight data recorder .
david goldman has been locked in a legal battle over his 9-year-old son , sean .
suing watchdog groups will settle lawsuit with the obama administration .
 levi johnston is seeking shared custody of tripp palin , now a year old .
 country 's ambassador to u.s. says agreement includes some aid to palau .
jimena 's sustained winds near 155 mph , but forecasters expect it to pick up speed .
 iran reportedly plans to launch tolou satellites into orbit in february and march .
 u.s. embassy in yemen reopens after being closed due to threats by al qaeda .
official : authorities in jordan recruited al-balawi as counterterrorism intelligence .
clijsters wins 6-3 4-6 7-6 -lrb- 8-6 -rrb- , saving two match-points and wasting three .
washington declares snow emergency , could get 10 inches by monday night .
 secret service : tareq and michaele salahi attended state dinner without invitations .
fact-finding mission looked at the three-week war last winter in gaza .
performance follows 1q gdp drop of 9.5 percent .
suspect , 27 , was to attend tuesday court hearing , which was postponed several times .
 british singer gary go uses his iphone for musical accompaniment .
 former navy lt. julio alberto poch faces charges from the 1976-83 dictatorship .
hundreds of schools across the the uk have closed their doors .
 jennifer schuett was grabbed from her bedroom and attacked at age 8 .
she was raped , her throat was slashed and she was left for dead .
`` maude , '' `` golden girls '' star was at home with family in los angeles .
 38 percent blame republicans , 27 percent blame democrats .
work started in may on oil pipeline supplying china from russia .
rights group memorial says chechen president involved in murder .
vitamin injections are popular among celebrities and businessmen for fatigue .'
swan boats have been operating in boston public garden since 1877 .
vitamin injections are popular among celebrities and businessmen for fatigue .'
parts of puerto rico could see 20 inches of rain , mudslides , flash floods .
 new : ana is 730 miles east of leeward islands , moving west at 17mph .
rania would like to break stereotypes the west has about arab culture .'
the lcross probe will relay data back to earth about water vapor in moon dust .
state department : china detained foreigners for their religion .
rodriguez designed taurus 2010 , one of ford 's most important vehicles .
james ford seale appealed conviction in case , saying statute of limitations had expired .
paterson said increasing those who can give vaccine would help state in emergency .
 rick lyke set up `` pints for prostates '' after being diagnosed with prostate cancer .
 cnn/opinion research corp. poll : one-third in u.s. favor the tea party movement .
source : gore wo n't use prize as springboard to enter 2008 presidential race .
girl was one of hundreds seized after 2008 raid at texas polygamist ranch .
she stressed protecting the planet , need for an agreement on global warming .
signal jammers used to block an ied from detonating .
ballas : paula abdul would be great as a contestant , but is n't needed as a judge .
european union naval force say six pirates boarded 180-meter long carrier .
hosam smadi accused of plotting to bomb dallas skyscraper .
the taxiway is parallel to a runway , but they 're marked differently .
miller got virginia court to block visitation ; friday 's ruling overturns that .
 whitney houston spoke with instyle magazine about her comeback .
transportation board criticized for failing to screen for sleep disorders .
the airline has been working to repair earthquake damage to the terminal .
van now worth about $ 27,000 ; insurance company is owner .'
sgt.
drug , prescribed from 1958 to 1962 for morning sickness , linked to birth defects .
 lungs of adults who had grown up with secondhand smoke had more `` holes '' .
court ruled tuesday that display of religious symbols violate students ' right to freedom of religion .
videos were later posted on internet , according to fbi .
the `` brady bunch '' actress had to overcome her own fear of technology .
about 50 people had spent up to two hours inside the `` sweatbox , '' officials said .
schuett was grabbed from her bedroom and left for dead at age 8 .
in reo , real-estate owned , you buy directly from bank after they foreclose on property .
famous rhinestone-studded glove fetched $ 420,000 .
nato has 96-hour rule for detention of suspects .
more than 50 are dead in philippines in flooding from tropical storm ketsana .
the player in ` modern warfare 2 ' is embedded in a squad of terrorists .
 mark obama ndesandjo is president obama 's half brother .
suspect , 27 , was to attend tuesday court hearing , which was postponed several times .
famous rhinestone-studded glove fetched $ 420,000 .
they say their husbands were heroes for protecting other soldiers in iraq .
baines credited longevity to god , not drinking or smoking .
 attack on market in dera ghazi khan leaves 22 dead , 60 wounded .
 haitian radio station signal fm says on during , after earthquake .
jon on relationship with tlc : `` they put me on house arrest ''
 e-waste imported from the west is sold in local electronics stores in nigeria .
remains show that albatross chicks choke or are poisoned by being fed plastic .
 vicks spray recalled after small amount of product found to contain bacteria .
 feds will seek death penalty for 22-year-old demario james atwater .
those traveling by air is expected to decline to 2.3 million , from 2.5 million last year .'
 pastor daniel henderson : `` most christians pray out of crisis or pray a grocery list '' .
in letter , abdul hakim muhammad claims to have ties to al qaeda in yemen .
pirates move kidnapped british couple to hijacked spanish ship .
president jose manuel zelaya was ousted on june 28 and sent into exile .
 hillary clinton brings satellite phones on visit to chile , promises mobile field hospital .
`` the orangutan is an extremely vulnerable species , '' pratje says .
 hofstra student who claimed she was gang-raped recants claims .
residents in southern taiwan report blackouts ; train services disrupted .'
 humam khalil abu-mulal al-balawi has been id 'd as bomber who killed 7 cia agents .
lawyer testifies paramedic tried to extort $ 25 million from john travolta .
videos were later posted on internet , according to fbi .
 maria `` gina '' natero-armento , 36 , had no food or water for days .
 mahmoud al-mabhouh buried friday after his death in dubai on january 20 .
residents in southern taiwan report blackouts ; train services disrupted .'
china warns a meeting between the two would `` seriously undermine sino-u.s. ties '' .
 theater 's artistic director was born with bone-crippling disorder .
no injuries have been reported , according to police and fire officials .
project aims to reduce storm water pollution , air pollution , fallout to the bay , official says .'
nicklas bendtner scores hat-trick as the london side overturn first leg deficit .
martial law follows killings of 57 last week in maguindanao province .
 tiger woods is under no legal obligation to speak with police , cnn senior legal analyst says .
she is co-hosting the fourth season of the talent competition `` gospel dream '' .
6 killed in second attack which occurred outside a hospital treating victims of first blast .
man and five women were injured in the attack in bustling shopping area .
archbishop diarmuid martin : `` no words of apology can be sufficient ''
 italian mafia boss kept 40-kg reptile at his home near naples to threaten people .
 state police : 15 people were in the minivan , only two in seatbelts .
1 test ranking , bowled sri lanka out for 393 in mumbai .
tie , jacket , shirt senator wearing when slain removed from exhibit .
in editorial , maxwell taylor kennedy calls clothing display `` a macabre publicity stunt ''
`` it 's not something you want to see , '' mendes says of gruesome 3-minute video .
 virgin boss richard branson announces f1 sponsorship deal with brawn gp .
caceres shot in the head as gang try to steal his bmw car in buenos aires .
` right of conscience ' is under attack , '' one doctor says .
 multi-million selling writer has `` a very rare form of early onset alzheimer 's '' .
three bombers were killed , taliban spokesman says .
analysts : visit highlights city 's importance as focal point of calderon 's war on drug cartels .
 teacher was killed by wolves last week while jogging near alaska town .
volunteers , national guard fill 1 million sandbags , mayor says .
sikh group says the army should accommodate the religious articles of faith .
relegation-threatened west ham miss penalty after thomas vermaelen is sent off .
bus was headed to matamoros , mexico , carrying 40 people .
amorth : `` pedophiles are not possessed by the devil , they are tempted by the devil '' .
 tsa : man walks through wrong side of checkpoint exit .
 entrepreneur blake mycoskie is blending philanthropy with business .
garrido and wife are accused of kidnapping , raping jaycee dugard .
hundreds of flights at atlanta airport canceled because of forecast .
raymond alcide joseph calls quake `` a catastrophe of major proportions '' .
recent college graduate who 's on chemotherapy hopes `` this bill will help our situation '' .
 ntsb shows dramatic animations of two recent near-collisions on runways .
sister city moorhead , minnesota , also on high alert for flooding .
the hump restaurant issued apology for serving whale .
criminals blocked roads with cars , buses to prevent military from arriving , authorities say .
 new : hillary clinton describes north korean talks as `` very useful '' .
envoy stephen bosworth is first obama administration official to hold direct talks with north .
north korea abandoned six-party talks in april after criticism over nuclear tests .
jennifer put her house on craigslist and sold it two days later .
dot inspector general : planes above airport flew too close to each other repeatedly .
there 's nothing '' .
professor charged with capital murder in shootings at university of alabama at huntsville .
 israel summons turkey 's diplomatic envoy to complain about turkish tv show .
four-page letter sold for $ 3.2 million at auction by christie 's on friday .
source : former alaska governor will not anchor her own program .
 lower court had ok 'd posting videos of trial on internet .
supreme court says no , but cameras can send trial to overflow rooms .
 juan maria bordaberry assumed presidency in 1972 .
in november , underwood said the almost yearlong relationship was her longest to date .'
the group 's leader anjem choudary said the ban would not stop them .
family spokesman announced blosil 's death saturday .
guard pleaded guilty to voluntary manslaughter ; charges dismissed against five others .'
administrators strip-searched honor student , 13 , looking for ibuprofen .
two companies have huge share of concert business .
 2.6 billion people have no access to toilet ; 2.2 die annually from diarrhea .
 ringo starr 's 68th birthday on monday prompted him to ask for peace and love .
khan , a devout muslim , destroys jewish opponent dmitriy salita in the first round .
 new : `` i have to keep working -- that 's what my life is for , '' former president clinton says .
the 32-year-old 's scooter was in collision with a truck in kawasaki , japan .
the fitiao family will bury their daughter in the front yard , as is the custom here .
the president of mexico presents plan to stabilize city in wake of killings .
 ray gosling admitted on a television show that he killed his former lover .
 lawyer says dvr recorded over nightclub video .
rights group was promoting discussion of amputation on 10th anniversary of case .
group surveys girls under 17 at various refugee camps .
 the fresh tracks caf\xc3\xa9 in nelson , b.c.
leonardo dicaprio and kate winslet give good performances .
 new : fate of mcqueen 's fashion brand uncertain after designer 's death .
his publicist said the singer died after a lengthy illness .
more about the speech on `` fareed zakaria gps , '' sunday , 1 and 5 p.m. et .
 the men were captured in alliance , nebraska , after a car chase .
 chris chelios , 48 , is playing for the nhl 's atlanta thrashers .
24 years later , she is still receiving the same pension of just over # 38 -lrb- $ 58 -rrb- a week .
passengers and crew aboard come down with gastrointestinal illness .
 about 1,000 of lufthansa 's usual 1,800 flights to fly tuesday .
the filipino is still keen to fight the american despite talks breaking down on a big-money contest in march .
queen is head of state of 16 u.n. member states .'
tornado damaged 20 homes near high point , north carolina .
hobbs and 7-year-old aja daniell johnson missing since january .
federal spokesman says mexican military arrested suspect friday .
they are the first club to go into administration in premier league history .
the global airbag-related recall now covers 514,000 vehicles .
 at least one mass grave has been dug outside port-au-prince .
he went to rob the people , '' says a man at the scene .
 tv pitchman anthony sullivan replaces the late billy mays as product spokesman .
british government has imposed export ban on ade651 after tests showed it was `` not suitable '' for bomb detection .
dementieva could face former world no.
umar farouk abdulmutallab has been linked with al qaeda group .
of those people , 81 percent say the problems can be fixed .
 jose manuel zelaya has been at the brazilian embassy in honduras .
abed says seals punched him when he was captured in summer .
team pulled out of tournament this month after terrorist attack on their bus killed three .
hassan , founder of bridges tv , charged with second-degree murder .
 432-acre waterfront property could sell for $ 2 billion , sen. jeff denham says .
 `` why he is a saint : the true story of john paul ii '' also says he slept on a bare floor .
jakes : `` not just a victory for african americans , it is a victory for democracy '' .
memorial services to be held later in orlando , florida .
five young men reported missing from virginia .'
cardinal says pope has support of the faithful , including 400,000 priests .
cardinal angelo sodano spoke before vatican 's easter mass ceremony .
`` republicans have the advantage of strong emotions , '' expert says .
 lorelei scarbro comes from a long line of coal miners ; husband died of black lung .
tractor-trailer crossed median and hit van ; its driver also died .
drug suspects ambushed military patrol .
inter-korean talks still set for monday , yonhap cites s. korean official as saying .'
mischa barton has never confirmed she wanted `` the o.c. ''
north koreans also still holding american they say entered illegally on christmas eve .
execution had been delayed by vp 's refusal to ok another defendant 's death sentence .
 restaurant chain says it served 2 million free breakfasts in eight hours .
 assistant secretary of state for diplomatic security announces decision to resign .
 andy roddick reaches final in miami , coming from behind to beat fourth seed rafael nadal .
kim yu-na of south korea won the gold medal with best free skate score ever .
at time , nato said deaths had earmarks of honor killing .
games will become more social and have advanced storylines in the future .
volunteer nurses and physical therapists are in short supply .
journalist claims brown 's behavior was investigated by a top civil servant .
brown `` ordered to change his behavior , '' andrew rawnsley 's book claims .
four-page letter sold for $ 3.2 million at auction by christie 's on friday .
authorities think they are responsible for other church blazes in east texas .
former child actor battled drug addiction for decades .
 turner will get 88 disease-free bison to use for breeding .
more than 500 aid agencies operating ; 15 met with leogane officials saturday .
charges reportedly filed against her in a uk court ; details of the warrant were never made public .
american airlines flight becomes first passenger plane to test out `` jeteye '' system .
mark kerrigan , who denies responsibility in his father 's death , is `` quite distraught '' .
 new : amber alert issued as authorities extend search into texas .
 new : barkley says he 's disappointed in himself , police were `` fantastic '' .
several people 's heads hit ceiling , breaking plastic and glass .
sorority chapter is suspended by university and by its national headquarters .
watson compares woods unfavorably with other greats such as jack nicklaus .
plan would save or create 2.5 million jobs by 2011 , obama 's office says .
 sen. jay rockefeller : `` this is a rapacious industry that does what it wants '' .
 pete domenici is fourth republican senator to announce his retirement .
 jean-fritznel st. claire and 3 friends clean up rubble of office building , load it into trucks .
plan would lend tarp money to community banks that boost small-business loans .
lauterbach accused fellow marine cpl.
cesar laurean of rape .
marines should have transferred lauterbach to another base , her mother says .
a suspect is `` in the hands of the judicial power in peru , '' foreign minister said .
 democrat martha coakley concedes to republican scott brown .
president obama says stimulus plan saved jobs in gop districts .
special olympics president and ceo calls all the attention a `` teachable moment ''
new constitution in the works , u.n. official says .
 real madrid and barcelona locked on 77 points at the top of the spanish league table .
 search under way for abu dhabi executive sheikh ahmed after morocco plane crash .
 cnn asked crew members about hopes and fears for the voyage .
third seed victoria azarenka also wins in second round on saturday .'
 british airways : `` we will fly more than 75 percent of customers booked to travel '' .
holbrook played ron franz in `` into the wild , '' loved experience on film .
 children 8-16 can watch the masters free of charge from next year .
 rapper dwayne carter will be sentenced for a gun conviction .
 afl-cio chief says threshold for taxing high-end health insurance plans will rise .
jaimee grubbs says she did n't think through releasing tiger woods ' voice mail .
secretary of state condoleezza rice praises obama .
anderson was never charged in her brother 's 1986 death .
ice and sleet cover roads in tennessee , carolinas .'
command and control plane flew off carrier uss truman .'
 brandon joshua-frederick hayes , 24 , arraigned on nine charges .
workers say managers targeted them when they complained , denied them promotions .
murray says he gave jackson anti-anxiety drugs , anesthetic to help him sleep .
spanish sixth seed fernando verdasco beats frenchman julien benneteau 6-2 6-1 .
kidnappings occurred in philippines ' maguindanao province .
president calderon expected to visit juarez thursday for major announcement .
tai shan is being sent to a breeding base in southwest china .
china nearing goal of having 300 pandas in captivity .
judge sets bail at $ 75,000 ; murray posts bond and out of jail several hours later .
 teenage girl dies after receiving cervarix vaccination for hpv .
`` mass effect 2 '' has 15 % to 20 % more dialogue and 30 % more decision-making options .
cuts could lead doctors to stop taking medicare patients , advocacy groups argue .
 buffalo , new york , man has pleaded not guilty to second-degree rape .
 new : charge `` not enough , '' says michael jackson 's brother jermaine .
a meeting with serbian and muslim youths helped transform .
 economic adviser lawrence summers wants to give china more time .
russian seventh seed vera zvonareva faces fourth seed samantha stosur in final .
he is being held on $ 10,000 cash bail ; next court appearance is february 24 .
2 still suffering from the back injury that has plagued her since last year .
report says political activists have suffered since june coup .
 crackdown under way as part of an investigation into human smuggling .
torres has been ruled out for six weeks after an operation on his knee .
phelps apologized over weekend for `` regrettable behavior ''
in 2001 fernandes bought air asia for just 26 cents .
gov.
`` arizona 's approach is the wrong one , '' aclu attorney says .
cnn 's jim boulden says kroenke 's rams move means he may not buy arsenal .
suspect opened fire at hospital after asking for doctor who had performed his appendectomy .
bishop charged with murder in killings of three university of alabama colleagues .
it 's not hopeless ''
schaefer died in prison hospital , where he was serving a 20-year sentence .
also cleared was steven bradbury , who headed the office of legal counsel .
the world number one is beaten 2-6 6-1 7-5 by latvian ernests gulbis .
 `` vajoliroja '' is johnny depp 's pirate-themed yacht in the caribbean .
 police say they had orders `` from the highest authority '' to take equipment .
jose medina expressed his concern over arizona 's new immigration law .
a decision against world 's largest retailer could cost billions .
 federal judge orders university to allow ex-radical william ayers to speak .
 new : interior secretary ken salazar : cape cod wind farm is start of `` new energy frontier '' .
 inter milan go two points clear of second-placed roma with 3-1 win over lowly atalanta .
third-placed ac milan crash 3-1 at palermo , who move above sampdoria into fourth .
upstate new york , vermont , new hampshire and maine could get 30 inches of snow .
 qatar 's economy is booming , but emirate has the highest inflation rate in gulf .
but hardees got a boost in sales from its monster thickburger .
 new : 4 groups announce legal challenge in phoenix .
leonardo says he and the italian prime minister are `` incompatible ''
both gets in digs at new arizona immigration law .'
u.s. rep. luis gutierrez , d-illinois , was arrested during a rally in washington .
florida governor extends emergency declaration to 16 more coastal counties .
 investigators found about 40 bodies stacked atop each other awaiting cremation .
concert will be broadcast live on cnn.com live at 2 p.m. et -lrb- 7 p.m. gmt -rrb- .
hosam maher husein smadi arrested thursday .
report of arrest comes hour after video of u.s.-born gadahn surfaces .
she collected canned goods , then decided she wanted to do more .
 taylor leaves courthouse after posting $ 75,000 bail .
 nomination of robert a. harding announced monday .
she speaks french , german , and some russian ; plays the oboe and french horn .'
 some conservative evangelical leaders call arizona 's new immigration law misguided .
senators expected to quiz them about massive oil spill in the gulf of mexico .
italy coach marcelo lippi omits veterans francesco totti , luca toni and alessandro del piero .
hear about a controversy involving a zero tolerance policy .
uk airport authority : transatlantic flights facing rerouting and delays .
`` the constitution was violated in a most egregious way , '' seattle naacp president says .
 oklahoma expected to see more severe weather on wednesday .
bp says it will try again saturday night to insert tube .
study finds differences between latinos born in united states and those born abroad .
mission is one of the final three for the shuttle program .'
diego fernandez de cevallos ramos , a former mexican senator , is missing .
u.s. , cuba in communication about projected movement of oil .
italy coach marcelo lippi omits veterans francesco totti , luca toni and alessandro del piero .
qatar wanted to provide economic aid to gaza .
texas textbook requirements often make it into those of other states .
 pope benedict xvi urges `` respect for creation '' .
cnn national security contributor : no `` real chemistry '' between blair , president obama .
bp says only other less toxic alternative is sea brat 4 , which may `` degrade to a nonylphenol '' .
 suspects recruited oklahoma woman to join klan , louisiana police say .
one man is charged with second-degree murder .'
mother blames a nearby pig farm for virus , but tests there came back negative .
human remains found in shallow grave in park where chelsea king was known to run .
case centers on rights of media , privacy .
f is for free culture , a group that rejects the idea of modern copyright law .
 cnn looks at the fashion highs and lows of the williams sisters .
obama to send 1,200 more national guard troops to help with anti-drug and intelligence efforts .
`` it 's simply not enough , '' sen. john mccain says .
 wanda barzee to be sentenced friday on federal kidnapping , state attempted kidnapping charges .
 north central west virginia airport offers free sightseeing flights to boost numbers .
they say clean air task force to build low-carbon coal technology in china .'
 frank dryman was convicted of killing clarence pellett on a roadside in 1951 .
 arizona has one of the highest foreclosure rates in the country .
france previously hosted the 1960 and 1984 european championships .'
idea calls for museum and performing arts center .
 the magician uses an ipad to do a series of magic tricks .
the archbishop of canterbury warned that divisions in the church would widen .
 study finds 46 percent of travelers enjoyed using web to book travel this year .
 columnist says women should not emulate carrie bradshaw 's dating styles .
det.
nine dead in el salvador .
cause of odor was overheated battery system , official says .
amtrak train service was suspended for 75 minutes , spokesman says .
three palestinian students were among seven who had earlier had visas pulled .
hatoyama told japan 's parliament he would step down .
u.s. drone strikes have increased sharply under obama -- 39 this year in pakistan .
 north korea denies claim it torpedoed warship .
china , japan , south korea address crisis at meeting .'
greek government has proposed tough measures to pull the country out of debt .
 trial of the five somali men thought to be first of its kind in europe .
 bp to try pumping fluid into well to stop gulf oil leak .
free clinics offered by the aid organization being overwhelmed .
whale had been linked to two other deaths since 1991 .
 new : slain catholic bishop 's driver captured in stabbing death , turkish ministry says .
det.
 new zealand rugby player made international debut as a 21-year-old .
`` you do n't know what 's happening , '' local woman says .
rue mcclanahan 's family at hospital with star when she died .
`` maude , '' `` golden girls '' star was at home with family in los angeles .
coleman 's remains currently at sandy , utah , mortuary .
somalia is now ` ultimate safe haven ' for fighters , u.s. official says .
police have identified several maoist rebel suspects , but have not made any arrests .
 amnesty international says u.s.-made cruise missiles used in attack .
coleman , 42 , died two days after fall at home .'
ben roethlisberger was cleared of criminal charges .
 alligator was trapped inside school by wildlife experts .
stewart middle school is near the hillsborough river .
 shooting followed rock-throwing at border patrol agent , fbi says .
severed head found in front of national congress .
montgomery county district attorney says evidence is there to convict flowers .'
the prosecutor , jack mallard , says williams `` had a dual personality '' .
martin says obama should n't `` consider '' recess appointments , he should make them .
obama visits gulf states monday-tuesday .'
 north korean team is as mysterious as the communist country .
british tabloid posted video of sarah ferguson meeting with undercover reporter .
he was charged of driving a golf cart while drunk by british police in the early hours of sunday morning .
club 's debts have reached $ 507 million under americans tom hicks and george gillett .
 levy izhak rosenbaum offered to get kidney for undercover agent , complaint says .
he was surprised by the good shape girl was in , said she was n't panicked .
 san francisco chocolate walking tours are offered three times a week .
 college student : i miss my dog more than i miss my parents .
 ohio court rules police can ticket speeders with `` visual estimation '' .
gardner is scheduled to face firing squad just after 2 a.m. et .'
a 26-year-old palm springs , california , man was arrested later that day .
swimming , fishing not advised in waters from florida-alabama line to perdido key .
swimming , fishing not advised in waters from florida-alabama line to perdido key .
 oprah winfrey says she hopes the oil spill will be resolved soon .
 in exclusive talk with cnn , mccain says he is `` so disappointed '' in rep. john lewis .
sal salis ningaloo reef in australia uses solar power and composting toilets .
most evangelicals support sen. mccain , but support is below what bush received .
american defeats compatriot vaughn taylor despite playing with a torn thumb ligament .
technology onboard will help answer why the ice sheet is changing .
deng zhuoxiang scored only goal of the match in 68th minute with vicious free kick .
komorowski leads kaczynski , polls show .
best memory was at spain ' 82 ; worst was at 2002 world cup .
gen. david mckiernan to stay in post until senate confirms successor .
 lil wayne pleads guilty to drug charge .
 john isner and nicolas mahut set world record in marathon tennis match at wimbledon .
blood found in joran van der sloot 's hotel room .
president bush calls moveon.org 's ad on gen. david petraeus `` disgusting '' .
new : agency 's new head sworn in monday .
sales of statues are brisk .'
 new : christopher `` dudus '' coke will be arraigned friday .
autopsy report said it is unlikely jackson injected himself .
some parents say it encourages kids to have sex .'
he faces narcotics and weapons trafficking charges .
woman reported sex assault after wisconsin show .
laporta has also revealed the club will make an extra effort to sign cesc fabregas .'
police believe sonata was recruiting , training militants .'
more than 1,000 people were rescued ; 35,000 fled area .
don reed , a former soldier , was shot in the back by gunman derrick bird .
men aged 40 and under can not attend friday prayers at the al aqsa mosque .
world champion jenson button secures victory in his mclaren to move up to third overall .
 spanish reservoirs on average half full after six dry months .
 13-6 vote sets up final confirmation vote by full senate .
she says judge carefully hedged comment about `` wise latina '' judge .
 brazil and portugal draw 0-0 in durban .
brazil go through as group winners , portugal as runners-up .
jean beausejour scores only goal as chile beat honduras 1-0 in group h opener .'
 p.s.
fan broke into england dressing room after july 18 match .'
u.s. , israeli representatives leave seats during iranian president 's address .
military witnesses say kagan harmed recruiting efforts .
vacationers spend billions in the region , but many americans have canceled plans .'
 bike-riding bandit has hit several banks in northern california .
italy had 1,744 bank robberies last year , study finds .
 cnn/opinion research corp. survey finds fewer americans think attack imminent .
three of the attacks were this week .
japan 's ai miyazato finishes tied for third but loses top spot to kerr .
 joran van der sloot is in jail awaiting trial for the slaying of stephany flores .
nba star kobe bryant looking forward to playing in london .'
 women 's marathon record-holder paula radcliffe to have a second child this year .
cards promise discounts at hospitals and doctors ' offices .
 sebelius : there will be plenty of h1n1 vaccine for everyone who wants it .
there 's time to explore options : `` breast cancer is not a medical emergency '' .
interactions between the myh9 gene and hypertension are still unknown .
 viagra helped 25 million men with erectile dysfunction and bring awareness .
 `` ugly betty 's '' becki newton is getting her own series , `` love bites '' .
she offers to join other former surgeon generals to discuss controversial issues .
says people can do more things to improve their own health than all the doctors .
 the rev.
sharpton : jackson 's family is more close-knit than people think .
hill hopes her name will be associated with bringing sexual harassment to an end .
scattered bones , tattered swimsuit found three years later .
if faith is important to you , it 's ok to ask for a doctor with similar convictions .
 dispersed , weathered oil reaches lake pontchartrain .
initial results from a whale tests likely monday .
program is part of country 's aids prevention campaign .
he replaces injured david villa for the group f euro 2008 qualifier .
 new : bail hearing set for friday for one suspect in russian spy case .
7-year-old kyron horman has been missing since june 4 .
father kevin gray allegedly funded a lavish double life .
finely carved fragments , white marble head of a statue also found at site .'
the hair and fur is stuffed into nylon stockings which become booms .
 nomination of robert a. harding to be announced monday , sources say .
police : members of the university of tennessee football team are suspects in the fight .
crowds march through colombo carrying placards condemning the u. n. move .
 north korea sentenced man to 8 years of hard labor .
on thursday , he 's indicted on additional counts in 2003 case .
shooting occurred in police facility parking lot .
suspect shot in gun battle with responding officers .
 miguel ortiz miranda is a former state police patrol leader .
attacks were reprisals for capture of member of la familia gang .
they were among 15 hungarians on cultural exchange program with pennsylvania church .
old containment cap removed from gulf well .
the maoists had threatened to block approval of a new constitution .'
bowe r. bergdahl , 23 , was captured june 30 from paktika province .
sarah palin has not been told about their plans until now , the magazine says .'
 ex-member of iran 's revolutionary guards describes life as a cia spy .
the iranian scientist arrived at the pakistani embassy on monday .
an unidentified man also fatally shot .
shahram amiri arrived at the pakistani embassy on monday .
terri horman claims kaine horman hurt her , the sources say .
 scientists say the asteroid lutetia is a remnant of the solar system 's creation .
comet is the next stop for european space probe .
obama calling some of vp contenders , democratic source says .'
thad allen ca n't put odds on success of the new cap .
he took out several machine gun nests firing on his unit in italy .
author supports bipartisan dream act , which offers `` mini-bargains '' for legalization .
 obama and family going to mount desert island , maine , for the weekend .
biden 's 2008 campaign accepted contributions beyond the legal limit , fec says .
granderson : blacks call someone who undermines their own community an `` uncle tom '' .
cruise ship was on its way back to italy when attack took place .'
no cap on bp 's $ 20 billion compensation fund , obama says .
von brunn faced seven-count indictment , four could have made him eligible for death penalty .
team is headed to oklahoma for world championships this week .
flight returns to mexico after customs agents ca n't process all passengers .
adjusted for inflation , world war ii cost more than $ 4 trillion .
the world cup begins on friday when south african play mexico .
pirates had abandoned ship .'
 sign marked intersection of wall and broad streets more than a century ago .
 man arrested in world cup security breach .
suspect was in the country illegally when he crashed into nun , police said .'
 president manuel zelaya says honduran fruit has no salmonella .
jfk received a carved peach pit in his likeness .
 company to build 4,600 electric vehicle charging stations in nine regions of the u.s.  more than half in the chargepoint america program will go in public locations .
 researcher neil hammerschlag has been tracking sharks for 10 years .
now , his research is focusing on the impact of the oil spill .
bettencourt is the l'oreal heiress and france 's richest woman .
russia is sweltering under historic heat wave .'
recalls include children 's version of tylenol and motrin .
 group says it 's treating 1,300 malnourished children in galcayo in somalia .
 taiwan 's leader says he takes blame for slow typhoon response .
 fernando verdasco beats novak djokovic 7-6 3-6 6-4 in rome masters quarterfinal .
suspect is allegedly in two tapes with celebrity girlfriends .
germany won 4-0 over argentina , having earlier also routed england 4-1 .
 first parking meters were installed in oklahoma city on july 16 , 1935 .
 fidel castro says he has a new book , titled `` the strategic victory '' .
officials say passenger tried to smoke during flight .
once a powerful category 4 hurricane , jimena now a tropical storm .
cohen has backing of obama , congressional black caucus .
clothing was found `` near the body , '' assistant chief coroner says .
mcgann , 32 , indicted on terror-related charges , prosecutor says .
 couple worried about vendors ' reactions while planning their wedding .
it is designed to help the tourism industry be culturally sensitive .
bp wo n't comment on lawsuit .
u.n. initiative aims to put sexual violence in conflicts on international policy map .
he is linked to 18 stabbings in michigan , virginia and ohio , police say .
defense secretary robert gates announces cuts to hold down overall costs .'
the un urges more assistance for clean water , medical care .
 new : the president is not `` backing off '' comments he made supporting the proposal , says spokesman .
but he says it points up gap between the `` super rich '' and `` working wealthy '' couples .
158 people are indicted on drug - and gun-related charges .
markoff `` died at his own hand , '' the district attorney says .
d.c. police investigate incident depicted on `` real housewives '' episode .
 judge has ordered a `` friend of the court '' to look into the accusations .
open house will follow wednesday 's formal announcement .
major archaeological find at site of civil war prison camp .
arguments will now be held before the appeals court in early december .
it 's not clear whether police killed the gunman or if he shot himself .
the campus of collin college was locked down immediately .
 `` eden from ashdod '' is seen in photos with blindfolded prisoners .
what were once villages and towns are now lakes .
 soccer city will host a rugby union international between south africa and new zealand .
 bureau of land management oks motorcycle race in the johnson valley open area .
prison officials say he touched his wife on her breast .
 roma deported to romania say they will return to france .
 take a day to learn your phone , because configuring it for your personal use requires time .
snooki also faces disorderly conduct and public nuisance charges .
the georgia capitol police officer was grazed in the shooting .'
only some paperwork stands in the way of an official world record .
 `` it 's definitely gon na happen , '' raekwon says of the remix .
 norma lopez , 17 , disappeared last thursday .
 fda commissioner says `` about 1,000 '' sickened by salmonella .
pvt.
taylor says she went to hospital `` to complete a test '' .
7-year-old kyron horman went missing june 4 .'
boyle on shooting in mumbai : `` it 's pretty mad .
chavez calls president alvaro uribe `` crazed '' .
 rachel wade is accused of stabbing to death 18-year-old sarah ludemann .
whale appeared unhurt , other than a `` scratch and a bump ''
 julie ann gonzalez has been missing since march 26 .
the limitation of liability act of 1851 was meant to keep u.s. merchant marine competitive .
`` i urge you not to enter into further contracts with xe , '' congresswoman 's letter says .
russian star sees off sesil karatantcheva of kazakhstan in straight sets .
mostafaei has fought the iranian government over the death penalty .
talk about their historic moments to international space race .
she told the 911 operator she wanted `` normal '' children .
joe frank garza told cnn in 2009 that the payments were legal .
 madrid zoo aquarium says it will beat any offer for psychic octopus .
the military exercise is scheduled to begin sunday on both south korean coasts .
governor 's office says governor , staff were not served .
 heart surgery was being performed monday morning .
officials say reimbursement system keeps changing .
omar takes swipe at president obama for saying war is a necessity .
kabul residents rarely complain about the taliban , often rail against afghan state .
an afghan intelligence source says two americans have been seized in logar province .
nato 's command said the two troops went missing after they left a kabul compound .
 ruben navarrette jr. : 47 million americans are latino .
investigators have `` compelling evidence '' laurean is in his native mexico .
afghan official says body of killed service member has been found .
u.s. military officials say the two went missing in kabul .
british pm gordon brown offered his condolences in parliament .'
 report on august 9 crash says searchers detected no locator signal .
north korea has apologized .'
the recalled meat products were sold at wal-marts nationwide .
 nine states plus the district of columbia are winners .
 homicide chief : van der sloot says he 'll `` explain everything to aruban police '' .
 the webby awards honor internet sensations .
chatroulette.com 's founder got the breakout of the year award .
 immigration studies center director says that `` reformers are stuck in 1986 '' .
witnesses say former liberian president charles taylor gave campbell a diamond .
 mother teresa founded the missionaries of charity in 1950 .
the extradition request was politically motivated , the judge finds .
he and his wife were caught on the border between nicaragua and costa rica .
 new : the cargo plane crashed while landing at riyadh airport .
crash follows two accidents involving merpati aircraft last year .
it says the threat may also come from radicalized muslims in prison .
her estranged husband is wanted in connection with the killing .
man made $ 10,000 down payment to undercover agent , authorities say .
new : another bone found as crews broke up concrete on the property .
roush , an airplane enthusiast , was heading to an air show .
lauterbach accused fellow marine cpl.
cesar laurean of rape .
marines should have transferred lauterbach to another base , her mother says .
hundreds of images were found upon searching ricks ' laptop and home .
all of the attacks targeted military and police , police posts .'
he wanted `` interesting life ''
 cnn talks to gina bianchini , ceo of ning , a fast-growing web site .
 the plane is struck above the windshield .
it returns to the los angeles airport safely .'
cuomo : families ' payouts are placed in accounts ; most of the interest goes to insurers .
in 2008 he converted to islam , which he calls `` a religion of peace '' .
the baseball great has been charged with perjury and obstruction of congress .
 imam johari abdul-malik is director of outreach for a washington islamic center .
 new : so-called crown fire is 82 percent contained .
 the bishop is killed in a california church office .
new : `` mad men '' wins emmy for best drama series .
the group behind the commercial officially launches it on monday .'
 richard holbrooke first went to bosnia in 1992 in the early days of the war .
lawyer of woman says his wife is being unfairly held .
the u.s. birth rate also fell in 2008 .'
valdez was captured by federal police on monday .
sheriff 's department says she is being taken to a treatment facility .
 storms cause flash flooding in eastern massachusetts .
 the second survivor is a migrant from honduras , officials say .
with francisco velasco delgado 's removal , military takes control of police .
hezbollah leader denounces israel in speech marking 2006 war .
 `` the investigation has become criminal in nature , '' sheriff says .
ethan zuckerman : make the web really worldwide .
 militant islamic group controls radio stations .
american daryl cagle created the controversial cartoon .
transportation board criticized for failing to screen for sleep disorders .
five suspects tied to one drug cartel , three to another .
the world cup begins on friday when south african play mexico .
 unaids launched a five-year program to battle the high rate of hiv infection among women .
 celine dion learns twins ' gender in june .
they are alleged to be part of an outlawed group , ekin .'
company clarified a vehicle was wrecked but no shots fired at convoy .
but violent demonstrations are continuing .'
 district attorney to file for dismissal after suspect markoff 's suicide .
prosecutors expect to release their file on markoff `` within the next few weeks '' .
it is venus and serena 's first defeat in the doubles at wimbledon since 2003 .
lufthansa pilots agreed to suspend their strike until march 8 .
 bethany storro faces three counts of theft .
 gadhafi charity 's executive director says the ship is bound for gaza .
attorney general previously defended andrew shirvell 's right to blog on own time .
u.n. command : the 2nd round of talks last 1 hour and 45 minutes .
 air passengers in france are urged to contact their airlines before going to the airport .
sandro currently plays for brazilian club internacional .
` saving grace , ' a show of 50 pieces of haitian art , opens in new york on friday .
 large collection of baseball cards found at park .
 india still 60 runs away from making sri lanka bat again in second test in colombo .
 chinese businessman kenneth huang makes enquiry about buying english club liverpool .
in arguments men should figure out what she needs to hear and then say it .
 tomarra finley , 31 , dies rescuing five children from a burning townhome .
rossi suffered a horrific crash in practice on saturday .
riera says coach rafael benitez rarely talks with players .
he denies allegation he was involved in a prostitution ring .'
 the north korean leader visited china , a state-run news agency reported .
10-year-old zahra clare baker was reported missing saturday .
morales says he was kicked and insulted and then lost his composure .
the iranian leader blamed america for the september 11 attacks .
officials say the bus was carrying 51 people .
his new account name is felipecalderon ; it used to be presidente_fc .
 new : investigators draining pond next to tuesday search site .
bond is $ 40,000 for stepmom on obstruction charge ; attorney calls it excessive .
 defendant michael enright 's bail is set at $ 500,000 .
 couple files to adopt in florida , hours after a state announcement on the issue .
an appeals court recently overturned state 's ban on such adoptions .
 ahmadinejad is currently in lebanon .
 visit to zimbabwe was prompted by an appeal from prime minister morgan tsvangirai .
liu xia is not allowed to use her phone or leave her apartment , human rights group says .
china blacked out cnn and the bbc as the prize was announced .
fifa president sepp blatter says their disciplinary committee will investigate .
a democratic spokesman calls iott a `` nazi enthusiast ''
the cadillac escalade suv tops the list .
 customs officials in australia find pythons and tarantulas in package .
final exit network 's web site : volunteers offer `` guidance to self-deliverance ''
contador extends his advantage over andy schleck in 52km time trial near bordeaux .
the suspect in the deaths was killed in a shootout with officers .
new : recommendation was approved and signed by officer in charge .
when he announced he was gay , he found that god 's love and the church 's love can differ .
 new : steven hayes wanted to `` look like a monster '' to the jury .
 british aid worker frans barnard released by gunmen in somalia .
save the children says no ransom was paid to the kidnappers .
india should n't have been awarded the games , australian olympic chief says .
 fourteen children disappeared at mexican orphanages .
 netanyahu under pressure to extend 10-month moratorium on building in west bank .
 croatian ivan ljubicic becomes oldest first time winner of masters 1000 event .
`` basketball is the sport of the modern world , '' os davis editor of the ballineurope.com .
the drug maker says the `` risk of adverse medical events is remote '' .
dutch football legend tells cnn he was impressed by south africa during a visit last year .
four family members were killed in a lexus crash last year .
 efren pe\xc3\xb1aflorida was named cnn hero of the year at a hollywood event in 2009 .
other volunteers were able to get meeker away from the tiger .
 new : morgan says he 'd like to have larry king as his first interview .
the agreement includes $ 680 million in compensation for discrimination .
 richard barret was eating at his favorite fast-food restaurant when a gunman entered .
zahra clare baker was reported missing saturday .
city host arsenal on sunday , when title rivals manchester united travel to stoke .
talks progressing between democratic republic of congo and nkunda .
masika bermudez says she wrote a letter to the president .
costs associated with checking accounts are rising ; atm fees are up 5 percent .
wenger confronted fourth official martin atkinson after his side 's 1-1 draw at sunderland .
he came to the united states from mexico in his 20s .
 a crime stoppers tip led police to look for a body in a backyard barrel .
harris county sheriff 's investigators are searching for the homeowner .
irungu now has four kidneys , but only one works properly .'
but latinos also share areas of broad agreement , such as their opposition to sb 1070 .
portugal international will sign a two-year contract as he returns to country of his birth .
henry is france 's leading scorer in internationals with 51 goals .
 `` true blood '' is capitalizing on popularity with a comic book .
indian troops retaliated `` appropriately , '' army spokesman says .
 illnesses since july 17 may not yet be reported .
the `` girls gone wild '' creator is suing the book 's author and publisher .
 afghan 's president has ordered a ban on security companies .
the united states and the united nations applaud the move .
 tesco will sell viagra over the counter in 300 of its stores .
 terry newton , 31 , was found dead at home sunday .
 joseph proctor , 32 , was killed at a military checkpoint in guerrero state .
 the russian government has banned grain exports until december 1 .
he is charged with conspiracy to sell weapons to guerrilla fighters .
 blanda spent 26 seasons in pro football .
new : more than 120 people are hospitalized , 14 are critically injured .
storm could approach haiti , the dominican republic or cuba .'
contador gained 39 seconds after schleck dropped his chain on monday .
 the plan c option is normally used to drill for oil .
rescuers are using three drilling methods to reach them .'
70 percent of the region 's population is under 30 .
the islamist group al-shabaab has been waging war against the somali government .'
republicans have knocked democrats out of 10 governorships so far .
attorney general : no evidence to support criminal prosecution .
 sierra leone endured a bloody civil war that ended in 2002 .
passenger security checks will also be expanded .
newcastle united confirm ben arfa has fractured his leg in two places .
 world champion valentino rossi qualifies sixth for sunday 's u.s. grand prix .
 motogp champion valentino rossi to take a test ride on wednesday .
casey stoner of australia pips nine-time world champion rossi for third spot .'
 new : all clear sounded at nasa 's glenn research center .
panathinaikos with play copenhagen in the other group d encounter on wednesday .'
 prime minister julia gillard also meets with gen. david petraeus .
in spain , valencia beat bilbao 2-1 , real zaragoza draw 2-2 with sporting gijon .'
 find out what a stop-gap measure is and why congress just passed one .
hushovd wins bunch sprint at end of thrilling 262.7 km race .
 chelsea thrash wigan in late match for a second successive 6-0 victory in new season .
elisa baker 's family is divided , the cousin says .
the airbus a380 is the largest planes in the world .'
u.n. agrees to allow comments to be published with report .
spc.
the official death toll from cholera in haiti is 544 .
`` it was indescribable fear , '' smart testifies of her nighttime abduction .
the attendant , steven slater , is being hailed as a hero by some people .
commission co-chairman says companies need reforms .
 good parents in fiction are often hard to find .
alonso says some drivers comments were `` hot-headed '' after the opening race in bahrain .
briatore overturned a lifetime ban from the sport 's governing body in january .
fred couples leads a pack of 11 players within two strokes of each other .
higher-ed students across california have been protesting a 32 percent tuition hike .
 lead ions have collided for the first time inside a massive machine in europe .
nidal hasan is charged with 13 murder counts .
world champion valentino rossi 's lead halved to 25 points with five races left .
he and his wife were charged friday .
an fbi affidavit describes years of kickbacks .
passengers were told there was a `` flameless fire , '' one says .
 the 93-year-old actress was released from a hospital saturday .
a father , mother and two of their children are found dead in a pennsylvania home .
kenyan president says the nation should pursue healing and reconciliation .
allegations of voter registration fraud have surfaced in several states .
 thomas steven sanders , 53 , was arrested in gulfport , mississippi .
he was convicted of capital murder in 1975 , then sentenced to texas ' death row .
motorsport 's governing body the fia says sauber will take the place of toyota in 2010 .
 sen. manlio fabio beltrones says mexico 's current war on drugs is a `` fight of firepower '' .
 ac milan held 1-1 at home by europe-chasing napoli to stay second in serie a .
 roma move into second place in italy with a 2-1 victory at home to leaders inter milan .
 randy pausch set an example of a good death for the terminally ill .
author : he used his skills to go on `` living until the moment he died '' .
67-year-old suffers from degenerative condition known as lou gehrig 's disease .
 real madrid beat malaga 2-0 in the bernabeu to cut barcelona 's lead to five points .
american claimed his first pga tour victory since 2007 with title at transitions championship .
 alain de botton authored the architecture of happiness .
 norm beaman was racing home to his property when he lost touch with wife .
`` ciudad juarez es the .1 , '' is on display at el paso 's public library in texas .
 the flooding began last month in the lagos region .
 new : deal would permit non-u.s. troops to stay into 2009 .
 lee willie dejesus , 23 , said he was teaching the child how to box .
couple are best known for slipping into a state dinner .
 wanda barzee testifies for the defense in the trial of brian david mitchell .
 red bull 's sebastian vettel becomes youngest f1 world champion .
goals from diego milito and goran pandev seal crucial victory .
russia coach guus hiddink linked with role before taking up job with turkey in august .
hiddink will begin a two-year contract when his stint with russia ends on june 30 .
gunfire ricochets in streets , protesters clash with peacekeepers .
federal agency says it has taken steps to follow permitting procedures .
eight people died in crash during off-road event in southern california .
the fbi notified university officials of the threat .
match was abandoned after six minutes of play as serbian fans threw flares and fireworks .
illness forced fidel castro to turn over power to his brother raul .
former teammate nelson piquet jnr 's crash is at center of the investigation .
 prince shows no remorse , police say after the verdict .
sri lanka end the day on 275 for three , 151 in deficit of india 's first innings total in ahmedabad .
federer believes murray has the game to dominate tennis .
the boy fell from a luxury suite shortly after a lakers-warriors game .
villarreal end the night in second place on goal difference , a point behind real madrid .
mci can be a precursor to alzheimer 's and other forms of dementia .
1 priority ''
red bull stretch lead again in constructors ' standings over mclaren .
koirala was chosen as a top 10 cnn hero for her efforts in nepal .
 canada has played a major isaf role .
 the 15th edition of the world athletics championships will be held in china .
clean sweep of seven table tennis titles extends china 's gold medal tally to 138 .
dane will play vera zvonareva of russia who beat estonia 's kaia kanepi in straight sets .
the five french nationals are among seven people kidnapped in september .
 michelle phan , 23 , is the no.
but he says manchester united striker needs to accept any criticism from fans .
ferraris of felipe massa and fernando alonso second and third on grid .
 cessna aircraft company lost 6,000 jobs in wichita , kansas , a few years ago .
 the move system grew out of the eyetoy camera for playstation 2 .
karzai speaks of a better counterterrorism strategy .
 comedy central 's stephen colbert testified about conditions facing migrant farm workers .
 quarterback brett favre has two fractures .
assange addresses the cnn interview he walked out of last week .
the band has had several hits , including `` freebird ''
both the father and stepmother have been arrested , mostly on unrelated charges .
 presidential runoff election in guinea delayed indefinitely .
 the country says blackberry services have conformed to regulations .
the news agency does not say how the uae 's concerns have been addressed .
 kwa geok choo died at home at the age of 89 .
 syfy channel 's original movies are known for their campy fun .
kaine says democratic poll numbers are trending up .
children of the poor swarm over construction sites .
 new : two more port-au-prince cases confirmed .
more than 9,000 cases have been confirmed .
inter milan midfielder wesley sneijder may miss trip to russia 's cska moscow .
the irregularities did not affect the results , an election official says .'
 communications discuss libyan leader 's relationship with nurse .
 the clothing company temporarily closed its fifth avenue store .
inter coach jose mourinho guided chelsea to two english premier league titles .
group surveys girls under 17 at various refugee camps .
brazilian has emergency surgery after damaging his skull in the accident .
at least two students are critically injured .
make friends with the ladies delivering the beer , and never be cheap with your tip .
 taylor swift sings forgiveness for kanye west .
west suffered backlash for his antics at last year 's show .
hurricane karl made landfall in veracruz , mexico .
 cesar mercado 's throat was slashed , police say .
 sin hwa dee founded by former soya salesman and soya production operator .
passengers stranded overseas will have their hotel accommodation covered by ba .
a u.s. cable says a chinese official believes google is a `` tool '' of the united states .
 to w.h.
republican leaders will have to reconcile tensions between tea party and rest of gop .
 sean penn says he visited haiti over the weekend .
capt.
holbrook played ron franz in `` into the wild , '' loved experience on film .
police say he was detained after failing to appear in court on a traffic violation .
their father , john skelton , is charged with parental kidnapping .
 new : power has been restored to all but 875 of 1,700 homes .
a single-engine planes crashes in a utah residential neighborhood .
 berlin has flourished as a cultural capital in recent years .
two people were injured on st. vincent .
a felony abduction warrant is issued for jeffrey scott easley .
pakistan won the 50-over match at the oval in london on september 17 .
 brianna hendrickson , 13 , of brooklyn wins the texting title .
objects floating during a spacewalk is not usual , spokesman says .
an appeals court lifted its temporary stay on the trial .
cables indicate the united states may have taken poland for granted .
 new : journalists group criticizes closure of tv offices .
 virginia police meet with jeffrey easley and the girl he allegedly abducted .
south african authorities want dewani extradited .
edwards remembered for her love of christmas , competitive nature .
1 's trophies have been stolen from a storage facility in los angeles .
 new : high court will hear bail appeal within 48 hours .
julian assange 's mother thanks the media for their support .
air traffic controllers walk out after approval of a measure covering work conditions .
 a rumored deal would enable skype calling between facebook friends .
sade sings about emotional devastation in `` soldier of love '' .
the house will consider the tax cut package thursday .
davlin had been ordered into court in an estate lawsuit .
 the arrest came after a seven-month sting operation , court papers say .
new : costa rica 's foreign ministry says the vote is a `` triumph of peace and law '' .
he later confessed to robbing a candy store , the semi-official fars news agency reports .
a party member claims sanader will return to croatia to prove his innocence .
celtics beat new-look heat in the opening game of the season on tuesday .
 shweeb , a pedal-powered monorail , wins $ 1 million from google .
 senate democrats defeat a second republican amendment .
the museum was opened by the celebrated entertainer in 1979 .
the supplier of those vegetables initiated a voluntary recall of products that contain peas .
the company now traces the problem to a single lot of peas .'
`` p.s.
 prime minister hashim thaci says the report is `` pure fabrication '' .
 the videos show what he called lax security at the san francisco airport .
royal mail is trying to catch up on the delivery backlog .'
`` the longer we drag this out , the more confused we get , '' gay service member says .
 disney is hosting miners and rescuers next month .
 the ivory coast 's laurent gbagbo will not step down , his foreign minister says .
haiti has n't seen a cholera outbreak in more than a century .
 new : officials will investigate de-icing fluid shortage .
also in the top five were ai weiwei and jeff koons .
 diplomatic cables spell out successes against mexican cartels .
critics of full body scanners say they are an abuse of privacy rights .
 daniel domscheit-berg says wikileaks has a structural problem .
he repeatedly clashed with the website 's founder , julian assange .
sunday night 's killings in tijuana came one day after 14 people were killed at a juarez party .
`` i have n't been asked , and i do n't expect to be asked , '' he says .
the chopper 's windshields were not bird-strike resistant , the board says .
 second body is found in the rubble of a furniture store , official says .
but you can not directly give a nookbook , an ibook or a sony e-book as a gift .
he is accused of using women to smuggle drugs .
the oil-for-food program ends , as does the iraqi development fund .
students learn how to start social enterprises .
kerr expects there to be a lockout of nba players before next season .
he overstayed his visa to stay in singapore by 169 days .
condamine , emerald , and rockhampton are seeing the worst flooding .
 zsa zsa gabor will have her leg amputated below the knee .
 new : u.s. attorney to seek life sentence against ahmed khalfan ghailani .
 besiktas sign striker hugo almeida from bundesliga werder bremen .
 one of china 's foremost architects slams country for olympic ceremonies .
 new : chandler fashion center reopens after police sweep .
 cables show tensions between france and germany .
 chandler fashion center reopens after police sweep .
 the pieces belonged to britain 's king edward viii and wallis simpson .
 the family will spilt the $ 380 million jackpot with a mystery buyer in idaho .
nadal takes opening set tie-break after unforced errors from world no.
 the body of john p. wheeler was found in a landfill .
wheeler was involved in a lengthy property dispute with a neighbor .
he also visted elvis ' star in hollywood in november .
the price of the 8 gb version of the iphone 3gs was originally $ 199 .
 the youtube video is authentic and not doctored , a japanese legislator says .
protests erupted last week amid rising food prices .
renato seabra , a portuguese model , is suspected in the killing .'
historic vote this week will determine whether sudan will split in two : north and south .
the plane crashed in a snowy and mountainous part of northwestern iran .
 facebook users can sign up to get amber alerts .
marriage certifies intent to society and obligations of law .
mother billie dunn described the party as a new year 's eve `` family gathering ''
fernandez de cevallos was abducted on may 14 ; it is unclear who kidnapped him or why .
 the decision risked castro 's life , the cables say .
 one party quit governing coalition over fuel price hikes and other issues .
mqm 's move cost the prime minister 's party its majority in the assembly .
meteorologist : flooding could continue for weeks .
the use of forged passports has strained relations between israel and the uk .'
a militant group says two of its fighters were killed .'
 taseer and giffords were both gunned down .
cavaliers owner dan gilbert has urged fans to be classy .
sevilla move up to ninth with 3-2 win at sociedad while bilbao snatch draw with malaga .'
the italian law would have stopped prosecutions against top officials for 18 months .
 bangladesh 's high court bans caning , beating and chaining in schools .
jenny is a normal toddler , with a big smile .
 silvio berlusconi 's government passed a law protecting officials from prosecution .
police have been on his trail for months , spain 's interior ministry says .
the basque separatist group eta has announced and broken other cease-fires .
 mississippi winn died friday at age 113 .
the 44-year-old replaces compatriot milovan rajevac as coach of the black stars .
mourinho says romero has a history of handing out yellow cards .
championship leader fernando alonso was third fastest .
japan lead the group , level on points with jordan , after a tense 2-1 win over syria .
ban ki-moon last visited iraq in 2007 , when violence was still raging .
amundsen 's plane crashed in 1928 while he was on a rescue mission to north pole .
hajj is an annual pilgrimage that lasts about five days .
democratic sen. schumer : `` there have n't been the votes in congress '' .
the agency is evaluating whether the accident will affect his shuttle duties .
heathrow operating at 70 % capacity wednesday , around 400 flights canceled .
bon jovi : no awards show is more exciting than cnn heroes .
robinson peete : `` heroes is just food for your soul ''
tevez said he wanted to leave eastlands before changing his mind .
jarmila groth and bethanie mattek-sands will contest the hobart international final .
los angeles galaxy lost the match 3-0 to fc dallas at the home depot center stadium .
 during a break , sink is shown a text message from an aide .
japanese animation is roughly a $ 2 billion a year industry .
lennox set up sing charity to combat hiv and aids in africa .'
 new : the water pipe to belfast 's top hospital burst .
newcastle and sunderland draw 1-1 in local derby ; aston villa salvage point at birmingham .'
french lawmakers to consider whether burqa threatens french secularism .
in florida , a woman who recently returned from haiti was sickened .'
the government 's plans will harm students ' futures , they say .
 cnn 's football fanzone picks 11 of the world 's best strikers .
 brazil international striker adriano released from his contract with inter milan .
she likens myanmar 's plight to south african apartheid .
u.n. chief says world leaders must help poor as they balance budgets .'
their arrests off disputed islands has angered some in china .
 bayern munich beat juventus 4-1 in turin to qualify in second from group a behind bordeaux .
the real madrid forward one of five players on the shortlist , all with either madrid or barcelona .
he was married to eunice kennedy shriver , who died in 2009 .'
this follows the rejection of plans for their own new stadium by local council officials .
president pervez musharraf ousted sharif in a bloodless coup in 1999 .'
this follows the rejection of plans for their own new stadium by local council officials .
world player of the year for 2008 , cristiano ronaldo , is fifth on the list .
envoy bosworth 's trip to north korea slated for december 8 .
federer was aiming to equal bill tilden 's record of six successive u.s. open wins .
unseeded russian beats jelena jankovic who retires with wrist injury in first set .
roberto mancini suffers first defeat as manchester city boss , losing 2-0 at everton .'
similar demonstrations take place in other european cities .
the real madrid forward one of five players on the shortlist , all with either madrid or barcelona .
`` i 'm just not the marrying kind , '' she says .
 utah this month moved most employees to a four-day workweek .
 police arrest 113 people after friday 's violent demonstration in tirana , a spokeswoman says .
the result lifts milan up to second place in the table , eight points behind leaders inter .
pakistani army has been waging a week-long crackdown on taliban .
1 ana ivanovic is out after a 3-6 6-4 10-8 defeat to ekaterina makarova .
 injured south korea striker lee dong-gook picked in 23-man squad for world cup .
jett travolta was elder child of john travolta and kelly preston .
cavalli cites florence as an inspiration for his colorful clothes .
 learn more about south beach deco at the art deco welcome center .
 johan eliasch is the chairman of the sports equipment company head .
 sirius radio personalities include howard stern , martha stewart , jamie foxx .
mel karmazin 's sirius satellite radio competes with xm satellite radio .
only hours earlier lehmann had played in stuttgart 's 2-0 defeat to cologne .
he is accused of raping a teen in a hotel in the mexican state of quintana roo .
iraq fa president confirms the return of national team matches to arbil .'
 u.s. sprinters carlos and smith stand up for civil rights in 1968 in mexico city .
wall street journal report says pilot did n't have hands-on flight-simulator training .
 kurdish security forces arbitrarily detain , torture people , amnesty international says .
 `` facebook was the drive of this revolution , '' selma beji said .
world player of the year for 2008 , cristiano ronaldo , is fifth on the list .
movement for the emancipation of the niger delta has declared `` all-out war ''
new : donna zovko responds : `` i would like that '' .
 monterrey , mexico , has seen at least three grenade attacks this month .
 barcelona company claims its software can tell if a song will be a pop hit .
 sen. kirsten gillibrand : `` it was like witnessing a miracle '' .
the shooting suspect was fatally shot after firing at deputies .
gustavo anibal giraldo quinchia is member of national liberation army .
historians think the people were killed by nazis trying to eliminate `` undesirables '' .
it could have a television and online audience in the hundreds of millions .
 pope benedict 's spokesman said pope was never in hitler youth , then said he was .
cnn 's tj holmes sat down with alicia keys to talk about her visit in africa .
the sailor spoke to cnn about fear and his various states of mind .'
 stepmother claims girl 's father dismembered body .
somer thompson was in fight at school on day she disappeared , police say .
 a u.s. missionary died in northern mexico of one gunshot to the head , an autopsy reveals .
gunmen in a black pickup were working with others in two other trucks , police say .
 southern sudanese are voting on whether to separate from sudan .
 there 's been no official comment from the israeli government about the egyptian situation .
egypt and israel signed a peace accord in 1979 .
 clinton says more governments should seek relationships with iraq .
 cleric maulana abdul aziz was freed from house arrest on thursday .
school closings are stretching into tuesday for much of the region .'
 tp mazembe have won the african champion 's league for a second successive year .
offender 's parole file was destroyed by a state agency .
eastwood may direct a remake of the 1937 classic .
taylor died of heart failure , according to his daughter .
 singer aretha franklin was hospitalized earlier this month .
 president obama visits buchenwald concentration camp , germany , on friday .
the u.s. government proposes healthier school lunches .
 find out why president obama 's trip to afghanistan did n't go as planned .
join the first lady for a tour of the white house 's holiday decorations .
weigh in on a plan to put ads on school notices .
study shows recreational golfers feel more angry and depressed after playing .
second-placed nasser al-attiyah of qatar loses one minute 40 seconds , finishing fourth .
mme explores the kingdom 's pearl traditions , once a major source of its income .
plus mme sits down with the moroccan minister of tourism .
he won 20 titles in 15 years on the atp tour , including the 1998 french open .
hulkenberg had an impressive rookie season , claiming pole position in brazil .
kaden , at 4 months old , is training to become of the the few basenjis bomb dogs .
 no specific threat is indicated against the united states .
follow cnn 's dr. sanjay gupta on twitter .
report 's author : `` we have failed .
the all-electric model s sedan will go for a base price of about $ 50,000 .
german , italian passengers killed when waves smashed windows .
top democrat says bush has won `` gold medal '' for fiscal irresponsibility .
it put much of blame on army corps of engineers .
 with all the mud in southern afghanistan , everyone stinks , barbara starr says .
a three-piece ring set from marc jacobs will only cost you $ 11 .
there are more than 230 confirmed cases of swine flu worldwide , according to who .
his mother stayed with his five siblings as father spent years in communist prisons .
kevin grosskreutz pops up in injury time to seal the victory for the visitors who are five points off the top .
the taliban says it is not part of the peace talks .'
 teenage girl dies after receiving cervarix vaccination for hpv .
 former computer consultant says he has proof of shaquille o'neal 's affairs .
 a host of top teams are in danger of missing out on the 2010 world cup finals .
 recent attacks make it near impossible for aid agencies to deliver food in southern somalia .
the sturgeons built a detached garage for the display , which drew 1,200 visitors last year .'
he sang enka with his japanese grandmother when he was a young boy .
 the country will mark the 20th anniversary of reunification on sunday .
 lungs of adults who had grown up with secondhand smoke had more `` holes '' .
 new : four people died after eating celery processed at sangar plant , officials say .
the ` free city ' of christiania is testimony to danish open-mindedness .
 `` the informant ! ''
`` the informant ! ''
 nodar kumaritashvili killed during olympics practice run in vancouver .
no immediate response from tiger rebels on church blast , destroyed boat .
 faa to examine training at regional airlines to make sure it meets federal standards .
carnival offers special shore excursions for teens .'
 couple file to adopt in florida , hours after a state announcement on the issue .
an appeals court recently overturned state 's ban on such adoptions .
town has recovered about 65 percent of lost businesses since the storm .
boyle on shooting in mumbai : `` it 's pretty mad .
city rivals ac milan and holders inter milan both through to the italian cup semifinals .'
 bangladesh is one of three countries hosting the cricket world cup .
 boy found friday at alvarado park buried under sand in playground .
 liverpool turn down an offer from english champions chelsea for fernando torres .
measure includes more than $ 2 billion to help flood-stricken midwest .'
ramsay says 1 in 4 women in the uk experience domestic violence .
police say suspect has hit 10 banks in the south .
 chad schaffner named suspect in 10 bank robberies in four states .
surveillance images from robberies show man with no mask .'
the pakistani taliban claims responsibility for the blast , which killed at least 46 people .
abdullah is scheduled to leave for the united states on monday .
officials searching for marcus schrenker , who they say parachuted out of plane .
 longoria and tony parker both filed for divorce in november .
 teenager rory mcilroy is resident pro at lough erne golf resort near belfast .
police say markoff met brisman on popular online classifieds web site .
anbar attacks down to a few a day , gen. james conway says .
 indian actor has been superstar of bollywood cinema for 40 years .
her funeral is set for monday .
 michaela harte-mcareavey 's wake will take place over the weekend .
hulu plus also lets subscribers watch the shows on your tv or phone .
human rights campaigners say she was originally charged with security offenses .
 vang pao fought alongside u.s. troops in the vietnam war .
officials continue to urge students and others not to wander on campus grounds .
webber 's teammate sebastian vettel won the drivers ' championship .
 the indian army says the man ran after being challenged .
detectives got a warrant to search lohan 's home for the missing necklace .
the $ 2,500 piece of jewelry was given to police just before the search .
lohan 's lawyer has not responded to the police statement .
 senators say amtrak would spend $ 50 million for $ 13.5 billion tunnel project .
the new car has a raft of innovative features to help with the aerodynamics .
shane bauer and josh fattal have been in custody since july 2009 .
the video is the second this week from anti-abortion group live action .
 the photo was snatched from a los angeles art gallery .
 the band 's drummer is recovering from surgery on his arm .
 america 's bubba watson claims second pga tour title at torrey pines , california .
they are part of a group of five hostages rebels pledged to release as a humanitarian gesture .
no injuries are reported ; amtrak arranges for the passengers to be put on other trains .'
in 2001 fernandes bought air asia for just 26 cents .
 the car would be powered by a combination of compressed air and fuel .
 botswana expresses concern `` that the military is in charge '' of the transition in egypt .
 a clinic in dayton is testing veterans who were treated by a dentist .
paramedics found him unresponsive and he was pronounced dead at the scene .
real madrid have an option to make the loan move permanent in the summer .
journalist marcela turati munoz says she conducted interviews in 10 mexican states .
the plan includes fully funding the land and water conservation fund .
 new : jorge barahona is charged with attempted murder ; home is being searched .
the son is in serious condition ; the father is in intensive care .
 oprah winfrey to announce she 'll end show in 2011 during a live broadcast friday .
 the hostages released friday are a politician and a marine .
caira ferguson , 21 , was arrested after showing police the photo .
she was charged with unlawful restraint , false imprisonment , endangering the welfare of a child .'
the couple 's remaining two children have been placed in foster care , court officials said .
 rafael nadal is named in spain 's davis cup squad by captain albert costa .
through her nonprofit , hallum is showing villagers how some trees can provide protection .
mubarak 's wealth has been the subject of false reports , his attorney says .
the bodies were found in a bank in al hoceima , an official says .
after an initial confrontation with security guards and police , protesters set fire to buildings .
bayern up to second place on goal difference after winning 3-1 away to mainz .
pettway silent during intial court appearance ; she 's charged with one count of kidnapping .
 egyptian military officer demands cnn delete footage .
 shimon peres says the `` real threat '' is iran 's nuclear program .
he is also the father of actress carrie fisher .'
the venezuelan leader proposes sending a goodwill commission to mediate in libya .
two other americans were traveling with them , the sailing group says .'
the more a topic was tweeted , the bigger its image on an interactive screen .
many fear for the friends and colleagues they left behind .
speech is gates ' last as defense secretary .
1 albums .'
the company is trying modernize ballet for russian audiences .
 japan 's economy is now third in the world , with china moving into second place .
 24 people were wounded in the attack in ramadi , police say .
 thousands demonstrate in bahrain .
 the `` zombie '' virus is transmitted from cell phone to cell phone .
 face-to-face talks would work best , says former head of the isi spy agency .
the state senate approves a resolution allowing police to detain missing democrats .
a spokesman for ban ki-moon says the first helicopter reportedly arrived sunday .'
 medicaid denied coverage for seth petreikis ' surgery .
the torching of the train killed more than 50 , mostly hindu pilgrims .
 new : the governing party is receiving the opposition 's five points `` positively , '' an official says .
yemen 's government says it 's in dialogue with the opposition .
fires , fueled by shifting winds , are still not under control .
 prosecutors complain the defense has not shared witness notes .
union leader : mayor demoralized and disrespected teachers .
religious parties are planning rallies on christmas eve .
study says 42 percent of homeless children are younger than 6 .
 nasa 's kepler space telescope has spotted earth-sized planets in our galaxy .
valles garcia was just 20 years old when she accepted the police chief 's position .
 t.i.
amnesty international is calling on the government to act .
two tornadoes in florida damage homes and injure one person .
 andrei netto had been detained by libyan authorities .
sheen was fired monday from `` two and a half men '' .
veteran congressman wants to `` make him a better president '' .
west indies move above england to second place in group b after beating ireland .
he denies it .
self-help author and retreat leader james ray is charged with manslaughter .
a physician testifies about participating in the 2009 ceremony .
two people are shot dead in a walmart parking lot in port orchard , washington .
estonian fa revealed it had been informed of possible manipulation before the game .
pakistan book their quarterfinal place with a seven-wicket win over zimbabwe .'
wikileaks accuses daniel domscheit-berg of damage and theft .
the plane lands safely and the man is arrested .'
now , the city is rehiring 50 of those officers with money from a state fund .
 new : mexican rescue squad arrives in sendai .
u.s. search and rescue teams are in hard-hit ofunato .
aristide 's return could destabilize the process , the state department says .
he and obama discussed afghanistan .
she succeeds caressa cameron , 22 , a virginia commonwealth student .
two hostages who were to be released sunday were not released .
 costs to orlando court system cover housing , transportation , meals .
he 's invited many he met in japan to his family 's home .
 new : gary ridgway was sentenced to his 49th consecutive life sentence .
the president and prime minister leave ben ali 's old movement .
`` barry told the truth , '' bonds ' attorney says .
alves , 27 , is now contracted to the spanish champions until june 30 2015 .
surgical procedure allows use of mechanical ventilator .
four children died at her houston day care in february .
 dramatic drop in dgen index prompts protests .
 tik root , 21 , remains in the hands of syrian authorities , his father says .
she performed often with tenor luciano pavarotti .
petraeus repeats his apology for the death of 9 afghan boys .
he stabbed university of connecticut football player jasper howard in 2009 .
 he visits santiago de compostela and plans trip to barcelona .
 cnn poll : 69 % of americans would be ok with a mosque in their neighborhood .
 the ampatuan family is implicated in a 2009 political massacre .
 new : congress members oppose sending arms to libyan rebels .
clinton , gates give classified briefings to congress .
discovery of the remains last year led authorities to other bodies .
more than 1,300 people have been wounded .
jenson button in fourth position , with ferrari 's fernando alonso in sixth .
 ahmed ali al sayegh is head of the largest natural gas initiative in the middle east .
computers can be more of a distraction if there are n't enough available .
there are about 17,000 american students in spain , an educational institute says .
lohan still faces a felony theft charge in los angeles .'
 india to face co-hosts sri lanka in cricket world cup 's first all-asia final .
sachin tendulkar top-scores with 85 as india beat pakistan in semifinals in mohali .
sri lanka defeat new zealand by five wickets in front of 38,000 fans in colombo .
`` of course this is about regime change , '' a congressman says .
the bus was headed to manhattan from a connecticut casino .
sfa are dismayed scottish fans were accused of racism during a friendly on sunday .
according to the finance minister , an election in inevitable in zimbabwe .
manchester united 's owners insist no offers have been made or talks started .
 authorities discover eight mass graves in northern mexico .
arrests were made wednesday in staten island shooting .
al-obeidy has not been seen in public since saturday 's incident .
japan disaster has affected the swiss nuclear industry .'
the constitution is to be amended to allow popular election of the president .'
the lockout would affect the start of the next season .'
homes of 200,000 people and 8,000 hectares of rice fields are underwater .
 arsenal manager arsene wenger confirms jens lehmann set to re-sign for the club .
 dustin douglas weber of california was swept out to sea by the tsunami from japan .
the space shuttle discovery is on its final mission .
 kevin pietersen fined for speeding in melbourne , australia .
obama opposes yucca mountain site for nuclear storage .
braga and benfica will face each other in an all-portuguese semifinal clash .'
more than 6,500 people need homes in the city of ofunato .
 new : activist says doctor in baniyas claimed secret police shot an army soldier .
the official says that sending the email was `` unwise behavior '' .
borussia dortmund go eight points clear of second-placed leverkusen .
the e-mail contained a doctored photo of a chimpanzee with obama 's face on it .
sheen and mueller are fighting over the custody of their twin sons .
 846 protesters and 26 policemen died during egypt 's unrest , commission says .
the twin disasters devastate the nuclear power plant .'
 experts : restoring electric power is essential to stabilizing fukushima daiichi .
 saudi arabia and other arab nations are helping bahrain quash protesters .
iraqi protesters decry violence against shiite protesters in bahrain .'
 hu jintao tells business leaders china is not pursuing an expansionist policy .
the session follows hu 's meeting wednesday with president obama .
 director of kandahar 's prison is among 20 held .
a collection of her letters to him is now being auctioned .
bosnian striker had gone nine games with an english league goal .
 the african union 's cease-fire proposal was rejected by the libyan opposition monday .
3 reactor .
u.s. officials say they are monitoring the situation .
no other explosive devices have been found .
 new : both the ring and kate are `` special to me , '' the prince says .
pakistan given credit for allowing operation on its soil .
 a 12-year-old boy detonates a suicide bomb , killing three people .
seven-time world champion valentino rossi back in seventh on ducati debut .'
 police overpower the attacker , a former lawyer .
marco simoncelli starts sunday 's race in second ; dani pedrosa finishes qualifying in third .
 asa flight landed with `` significant damage '' at little rock airport .
a third suspect is being held by the international criminal court .
their bodies were found in the no.
venezuela celebrates `` national democracy day '' sunday .
some of his supporters say the government 's actions are politically motivated .
 jamaica and haiti are embroiled in a dispute that arose over soccer .
interim pm mohammed ghannouchi says he will leave politics after elections .
 gamal , alaa mubarak were detained in april .
four americans were killed after pirates hijacked their vessel .
if the bodies can be identified , investigators will try to bring other remains to the surface .
air france flight 447 crashed mysteriously june 1 , 2009 , killing 228 people .'
parliament will meet again on saturday .'
 etta james ' son says she was admitted to a hospital on monday .
 `` i must say i was very proud of the seals , '' retired justice stevens says .
security officials can use `` professional discretion '' to supplement imaging technology .
a man stole a knife , then cut off her head with it .
 oil-rich region of abyei has been a flashpoint between the north and the south .
the golfing legend won a record 50 tournaments on the european tour .
karthikeyan was the first indian to compete in f1 back in 2005 .
`` it has nothing to do with biden 's plane , '' an faa official says .
 president ali abdullah saleh wants the opposition to sign the agreement at the palace .
`` the next frontier '' aims to unite the entire spectrum of brain disorders .
they talk about fighting on earth .
 lohan could have waited until june 17 to start her sentence .
she may only serve two weeks of a 120-day sentence .
the actress pleaded guilty to a necklace theft charge .'
 cnn international will air `` extreme science , '' exploring global warming in the arctic , in july 2011 .
canada 's only previous world cup win was over bangladesh in 2003 .
he was on a list of 232 people in joplin who 'd been reported missing .
witnesses said they were `` play fighting , '' police say .
 `` video games are visual like tv , '' author says .
 clashes between government forces and protesters injure dozens on friday .
opposition groups are renewing their calls for government reforms .
israeli prime minister netanyahu has maintained all options should be considered .
anthony denies killing her daughter ; she faces the death penalty if convicted .
prime minister morgan tsvangirai demands reforms first .
 paul scholes announces his immediate retirement for football .
it openly sells marijuana-growing equipment but not the drug itself .
haider said he was happy to be given full security on his return .
airline surfboard baggage policies range from free to pricey .
 caf expels to-time defending champions tp mazembe after complaint over player .
ricky ponting hits 104 but australia 's 12-year reign as world champions is over .
lawyer : a draft of plea agreement is expected soon .
he says the project will rival the panama and suez canals .
anti-government protesters are chanting `` saleh will fall , '' witnesses say .
prime minister erdogan was not in the convoy at the time of the attack .'
 a hearing is set for wednesday in lohan 's theft case .
a new finance report shows players wages take up 68 per cent of club revenues .
 china and vietnam are at odds over the south china sea .
learn how a group of navy seals trained for the bin laden operation .
the aim is to reduce salt and sodium consumption .
alito , in dissent , says miranda is being `` run off the rails ''
 a security guard did n't let tara sullivan into the masters locker room for an interview .
 banner supply has agreed to a $ 55 million proposed settlement .
floodwaters have encroached on the idled fort calhoun plant .
 wajeha al-huwaider says saudi guardianship system is too restrictive for women .
 north tells delegation from the south to `` go back '' .
fire chief says everyone in san bruno , california , now accounted for .
 jackie kennedy onassis 's love letters were written when she was a teen .
 new : afghanistan 's prime minister condemns attack by `` enemies of humanity '' .
the three somali men deny any role in the deaths .'
exxon says about 750 to 1,000 barrels of oil spilled in the yellowstone .
 belarus president vows to resist anti-government movement .
 forensic tests confirm body found in creek is not lauren spierer .
a jury acquits anthony of murder charges .
he left each time after the employee told him to go , police say .
 zardari defends pakistan in a washington post op-ed .
catherine kieu becker , 48 , is arrested for aggravated mayhem .
 the national weather service has taken down heat advisories in some states .
 videotapes taken by phillip and nancy garrido were released by prosecutors tuesday .
bulger and his companion were arrested in california in late june .
german won last year 's u.s. pga championship at whistling straits .
stricker has now won the tournament for the last three years in a row .
the hip-hop artist 's lower lip was cut , police say .
captain darren sammy takes five wickets as pakistan are all out for 178 chasing 219 to win .
 `` i 'd love to do it .
 shaquille o'neal first announced his retirement wednesday .
high humidity has driven up heat indices , making it feel as hot as 126 degrees .
 a standoff over weapons continues to brew at the rodeo ii prison .
these courses often focus on theological themes in the books .
peer thanks channel : ' i was very moved and excited to hear about your decision '
 new : an advocacy group documents more than 40 recent attacks on the media in libya .
the dallas mavericks will play the miami heat in a rematch of the 2006 finals .
 the venezuelan president returns after about a week in cuba .
sen. leahy is the most senior democrat to date to call for weiner to leave .
 residents fill about 300,000 sandbags in bismarck area .
 tony designed clothes for samuel l. jackson to wear at the dunhill championship .
investigators hope new tests will bolster their case .
 the erik , a mexican sport fishing vessel , capsized in a storm july 3 in the sea of cortez .
the polygamous sect leader faces charges of sexual assault and bigamy .
 creecy , 57 , died about 12:30 a.m. thursday in atlanta .
paraguay face venezuela in wednesday 's second semifinal .
sabella replaces sergio batista after argentina 's copa america failure .
the magazine said a special `` information operations '' team was ordered to manipulate vips .
weylandt dies after an accident on the third stage of the giro d'italia on monday .
 gen. james d. thurman is the new commander of u.s. and u.n. forces in korea .
north korean soldiers stood just feet away from thurman , watching him and taking pictures .
earlier , the agency had said `` there is a very small possibility '' of a tsunami .
the pacific tsunami warning center and australia 's similar agency reports no such threats .
the earthquake hits 81 miles east of wewak , new guinea , says the u.s. geological survey .
amended court documents say anthony should report within 72 hours .
the american will now face his compatriot john isner after defeating ernests gulbis .
nba expert `` not optimistic that season will start on time '' .
 the wrangler jeans distribution center will rebuild and may add jobs .
the heat is a factor in dozens of deaths in texas , oklahoma and arizona .
the parade is a celebration of the legalization of same-sex marriage .
human resources minister says unemployment will rise .
the national weather service says the area was likely hit by tornadoes .'
 new zealanders spot an emperor penguin 3,000 kilometers from its habitat .
 obama visits village in ireland where his great-great-great-grandfather hailed from .
the red cross is asking donors for $ 87 million more for somalia .'
the former genoa boss will sign a two-year deal at the san siro , replacing leonardo .
he declined the invitation `` with deep regret '' because of unrest in his country .
seals are not rambo wannabes , said a former member .
a populist , he founded his trade union and political party to help suffering farmers .
 new : rocket , satellite thought to be in pacific .
former panamanian dictator manuel noriega will have a month to appeal the extradition .
webber 's musical `` the phantom of the opera '' turns 25 this year .
stosur reaches her first final since 2010 french open , beating china 's li na .
china has also proposed resumed six-party talks .
it is sharapova 's first wimbledon final since she won in 2004 .
 iraq wants to close camp of iranian dissidents .
u.s. currently considers group to be terrorist organization .'
prince discussed the matter with assistant secretary of state .
he faces 529 counts of rape and sexual exploitation , among other charges .
 west london club agree terms with anderlecht to sign teenage striker lukaku .
 affidavits detail a high-speed chase shoot-out with the dougherty siblings .
rafik hariri was assassinated february 14 , 2005 , in beirut .
 20th century fox disputes reports it paid $ 1.3 million for movie rights .
 jurgen klinsmann unveiled as u.s. national coach .
the former germany coach replaced bob bradley .
his accuser 's attorney has called on the manhattan d.a.
casey anthony is accused of killing her 2-year-old daughter caylee in 2008 .
 students from philadelphia win national poetry contest in san francisco .
 crowds lines up to see the shuttle launch in the museum .
 day-to-day nuclear regulation will be placed under the environment ministry .
critics have said regulators have been too cozy with japan 's nuclear industry .
 former deputy charged with murder , rape and kidnapping .
other troops and civilians were injured .
argentine folk singer facundo cabral was killed saturday during the same attack .
warsame pleads not guilty at a hearing in new york .'
david cameron says the british will have all combat troops out by 2015 .'
a merchant ship rescues him off the coast of western australia .
 charla nash was attacked by a chimpanzee in 2009 .
it is the first time hantuchova has beaten williams in 11 matches .
 new : second suspected drone strike kills 8 , officials say .
pakistan has not confirmed the death of ilyas kashmiri .
 november 's show comes from the world architecture festival in barcelona .
 wednesday march meant to criticize costs of pope 's visit .
 a hacker posts personal info of all 102 bart police officers .
 greig allegedly helped hide bulger for 15 years .
injuries , deaths reported in west bank incident .'
the 2003 u.s. open champion roddick is a two-time winner of the tournament .
 jerry lewis has co-hosted the mda 's annual telethon since 1966 .
elections official says write-in vote count will start wednesday .
southwest airlines discontinues all flights for the rest of the evening .'
a two-state arab-israeli solution should be based on 1967 borders , obama says .'
the region can produce the world 's best coffee , starbucks ' ceo says .
 black bear enters a tent and bites a teenage boy in the leg .
wildlife officials kill the bear due to its apparent aggressiveness .
phone call was the `` initial piece of evidence '' leading to compound , pakistani official says .
the phone call was made to an old friend by bin laden 's courier , post reports .
sri lanka end the day on 275 for three , 151 in deficit of india 's first innings total in ahmedabad .
 ricardo flores says wednesday was the first time he saw van der sloot face-to-face .
a preliminary hearing has been rescheduled .
latest list has many new species of amphibian and tarsier as ` critically endangered '
the car gets stuck next to a tree and is submerged .
 new : state department source : u.s. prepared to help eman al-obeidy .
she has been in the hospital since january .
 rare snow leopard triplets born eight weeks ago .
40 youths who opened the savings accounts in the past three years are now going to junior college .
 explore the significance of the u.s. reaching its debt ceiling .
 sharks attacked 59 people worldwide in 2008 , florida researcher reports .
police : the new search area is based on gary giordano 's interrogation .
 wreckage of queen anne 's revenge lies off beaufort , north carolina .
 new : health departments warn of risks associated with flooding .
mata joined valencia from real madrid in 2007 and has 11 spain caps .
 man and woman being caught having sex during morning mass .
 ehud barak says israel will not leave last week 's terror attacks unpunished .
 libya has a stockpile of mustard gas at rabta south of tripoli .
the overwhelming majority of pilots vote in favor of a strike .
newcastle sign west ham striker demba ba following sale of kevin nolan .'
 new : peru 's new president stresses equality .
manilow on first $ 1 million check : `` i used it as a bookmark '' .
murdoch was unharmed in the incident , broadcast live on television .'
 gen. ashfaq parvez kayani faces `` vocal and strident criticism '' in pakistan .
new statement claims `` state of emergency '' in the philippines .
 new cars album is the `` sound of a band picking up a conversation in midsentence '' .
the skating championship will be held in moscow 's megasport arena .
tropical storm irene is heading northeast toward new england with 60 mph winds .
 google 's +1 buttons will be in google search ; clicking them will require a google profile .
the crash involved a chicago-to-california amtrak passenger train .'
an activist group reports more than 100 deaths in and around hama .
amnesty international slams the united nations ' statement .
the u.s. geological survey says the quake was centered east of the kermadec islands .'
 crittenton is accused of murdering a 22-year-old woman .
a court official says nothing indicated external factors in his death .'
comic publishers and store owners aim for new , younger readers .
trucking company involved in accident had multiple violations .
lindelof and `` action '' writer paul cornell spoke about superman 's legacy .
he talks frankly about how political upheaval could affect lebanon 's future .
oxford english dictionary : being `` addict '' or forced by a judge to be a servant .
the law was to go into effect september 1 .
 new : the nyc medical examiner is analyzing five possible sets of human remains .
another fire breaks out in southeast oklahoma city on wednesday .
authorities think breeann rodriguez 's remains have been found along a ditch .
 the sites allow people to report bribes and corruption complaints .
at least 24 people were killed in syria during friday demonstrations .
an average of five officers has been killed monthly since october 2010 , police say .
 new : obama 's speech will be at 7 p.m. on september 8 .
 new : the debris comes within about 820 feet , interfax reports .
 the players test positive for clenbuterol , a banned substance .
defending champion alberto contador is trailing in 75th position overall .
president nicolas sarkozy was grabbed by his shoulder as he met members of the public .
argentina need to beat costa rica on monday or they will fail to qualify .'
`` what you are seeing is lessons learned , '' says rear adm. kevin scott .
arsenal manager arsene wenger has thanked clichy for his eight years at the club .'
 the former district attorney must report to jail september 7 .
american muslims hope his death will lead to reconciliation .
 new : the european union is banning the import of seeds and beans for sprouting from egypt .
he won his third-round match sunday in hot , humid weather .'
witness the impact of a tornado as it ripped through the st. louis airport .
6 high-ranking officials were in a convoy , a source in niger 's interior ministry says .
 two men get in a gun fight in brooklyn .
 argentina 's president says she talked to fidel castro .
about 35 journalists , including from cnn , are trapped there .
official : 576 homes have been destroyed by bastrop fire ; `` that number will increase '' .
the total prize fund will increase to $ 90 million over the next three years .
san onofre nuclear generating station units in normal shutdown mode .
 `` f.e.a.r.
 new : agent says preliminary investigation shows ward was not impaired .
gunmen attack his suv as he makes his way to the airport .
 kim jong il arrives in northeastern china , according to a brief report .
bushehr is a civilian plant , not a nuclear one .'
police say leroy t. mckelvey was able to sneak a stun gun into the stadium .
 sloan steven briles , 35 , of irvine , california , is charged with felony child abuse .
boy , 7 , ended up in the water , in the path of oncoming boats .
a turkish group says they were singled out at tel aviv .
the barca coach also admitted the european champions are chasing alexis sanchez .
his remains have been positively identified ; most of the skull is missing .'
international amateur boxing association to launch an inquiry into the allegations .
 the ministry of defence says it acknowledges the pain felt by families .
spanish doctors performed face transplant including tongue this summer .
 a sister and two brothers face 29 , 24 and 23 charges respectively in a colorado court .
syria 's president appoints adel safar as prime minister .
 three separate bombs exploded , 2 on the outskirts of peshawar .
 an indonesian agency says there are more than 1,200 `` hot spots '' in south sumatra .
 the office will help meet cultural and humanitarian needs , france says .
the two americans have been released after two years in an iranian prison .
 the doctors are accused of trying to overthrow the bahraini government .
they won the premier league last year and were finalists in the champions league .
prosecutors want casey anthony to pay the cost and those of other law agencies .
 marcus ray johnson had been scheduled for execution in georgia wednesday evening .
the georgia supreme court upheld the stay , and johnson will have a hearing in february .'
 atf is laboring under the cloud of `` operation fast and furious '' .
 world and olympic champion cruises through 100m heat with a winning time of 10.10 seconds .
 the incident was at the border of north korea , south korea .
 oxford asks prospective students : `` would you rather be a novel or a poem ? ''
 about 1,500 people were receiving aid at a shelter , a relief worker said .
a member told cnn that the group is shocked to find out about the search .
 new : nearly 20 people are injured as protesters , police clash in belgrade .
study : expanding fossil fuel industry would equal 1.1 million jobs by 2020 .
 new : at least 253 people arrested sunday .
police have arrested more than 600 protesters since mid-june .'
 sri lanka acts to boost coconut production , which has been dropping .
`` i urge you not to enter into further contracts with xe , '' congresswoman 's letter says .
his attorney says qadri 's death sentence is illegal .
he is serving a life-plus-20-year term for aggravated sexual convictions .'
 the work by jules breton was stolen during world war i .
ice seized the painting from a gallery after an investigation .
he is charged with genocide and other crimes over the massacre at srebrenica .
nearly 8,000 muslim men and boys were killed there in europe 's worst masscare since wwii .
west ham have declared their interest in renting the stadium .
the mine flooded on thursday .
palin , aides express frustration with questions about children 's travel .
state department spokesman denies ` britain-bashing '
rupert murdoch agrees to donate to charities chosen by girl 's family .
more friction on the back would help a lot -- perhaps a plastic rear or a grippy coating .
beatles author says band were a `` spiritual force '' themselves .
 president jacob zuma dismisses two cabinet ministers , suspends police chief .
 ` it 's the great pumpkin , charlie brown , ' there is also scarie .
 two inmates escaped from florida jail monday .
 a listeria outbreak that started in colorado has now killed 29 , cdc says .
actress jorga fox : `` our kids look to us to do what is right ''
the planes were stranded at the hartford , connecticut , airport on saturday .
hydrogen engines cheaper than hydrogen fuel cells , but they use more hydrogen .'
 the exposure happened at the idaho national laboratory .
 barack obama meets foreign leaders on trip to mideast and europe .
city blossoms in the summer when temperatures rise and sun barely sets .
simpson won by three-shots at the tournament in his native north carolina .
foster fires an opening round of 66 in foggy conditions in scotland .
wikileaks has now thrown open the full , unredacted archive itself .
u.s. troops are scheduled to be out before then .
a military lawyer praises iraqis for bringing cases to court .'
authorities have no `` current , credible information '' of a specific plot .
three palestinian students were among seven who had earlier had visas pulled .
cameron says the gdp falls short of measuring a nation 's well-being .
 new : christina green 's family arrives at funeral , passes under flag .
over 200 people were arrested in new york on thursday , according to police .
joe paterno has a treatable form of lung cancer , his family says .
two of terreblanche 's farm workers have turned themselves into police .
 china records $ 7.24 billion trade deficit in march , its first monthly trade deficit since april 2004 .
in 1996 , president hosni mubarak appointed him as egypt 's prime minister .
more than half of those choked , according to u.s. public interest group .
 leader samuel mullet sr. is among those charged in the federal complaint .
 two men are arrested ; they were members of mubarak 's political party .
 district attorney accuses police chief of leaking affidavit to the media .
police and military are deployed in tunis as protesters gather .
campaign : palin is deeply religious , does n't consider herself pentecostal .
more than 230 people have been pulled alive from the rubble .'
 `` tahrir 2011 : the good , the bad and the politician '' wins venice film award on its first screening .
director david yates on how they create ` harry potter 's '' magical creatures .
rhode island tops the lists of drugged driving .
a psychiatrist says she thinks williamsburg , virginia , is the right place for hinckley , for now .
warne , 42 , proposed to hurley , 46 , on friday at st. andrews in scotland .
gadhafi agreed to destroy his chemical weapons in 2003 and the project was underway .
former motor racing boss max mosley says you have to risk a million pounds to get justice .
sen. daniel inouye : recognition `` a long journey , but a glorious one ''
 the attorney for miami officer fausto lopez says the case is a `` misunderstanding '' .
several flights canceled ; some trains not running .'
 the daily telegraph says the kercher family will continue to seek justice .
macedonia increases foreign visitor numbers by 25 % this year .
 ghanaian striker asamoah gyan talks to cnn 's pedro pinto about his move to al ain .
salman butt and mohammad asif were found guilty of corruption on wednesday .
turkish football has been mired in a match fixing scandal .
india 's 418-5 is their best-ever total in one-day internationals .
`` he 's very hands on .
 gustavo kuerten plans to retire after his appearance at roland garros .
there are also opening victories for both australia and ireland in pool c .'
he did not testify in the trial of jackson 's physician , dr. conrad murray .
murray is charged with involuntary manslaughter in jackson 's death .
environmentalists call on obama to stop oil pipeline .
 three women to jointly receive the 2011 nobel peace prize .
prize recognizes non-violent struggle of safety of women and women 's rights .
champions red bull extend their lead at the top of the constructors ' standings .
lawes will now miss england 's matches with georgia and romania .
gerrard , 31 , missed saturday 's win over west brom with an ankle infection .
 each school suspends four men 's basketball student-athletes .
 the airplane carrying 14 people crashed in the mountains in north sumatra , an air official says .
panetta made the comments during a meeting with american sailors in naples , italy .
sadat 's daughter has implicated hosni mubarak .
 german rock band madsen is touring the states .
he allegedly attacked kiss band member genesimmons.com in october 2010 .
 for more than 20 years the kleeman family has collected space-inspired items .
 the duchess of york is a bestselling author of children 's books .
 presumed-dead bruce wayne is returning to batman comic books .
try a guided kayak trip to explore the caves at la jolla shores .'
there 's better healthcare and technology , but still no proper democracy .
 wayne rooney 's father is one of nine men arrested over an alleged betting fraud .
 emperor akihito , 77 , came down with a fever thursday , an imperial spokesperson says .
born in 1933 , akihito became emperor in 1989 .
the suspect was not warned and did n't fire , but was considered `` dangerous ''
 about 60 km of northern coastline of north island is contaminated with oil .
 images from nasa satellites show how the floods in thailand have inundated the land .
 tiger woods met with steve williams and the two shook hands .
 freed hikers to meet with u.s. secretary of state on thursday .
the international criminal court argues member nations are obligated to turn him in .
cain has denied any allegation of sexual harassment .
 two-time world champion fernando alonso wins the german grand prix at hockenheim .
 white supremacist eugene terreblanche was bludgeoned and stabbed at his farm .
she comes from a big , respectable , conservative family in yemen , a relative tells cnn .
a total of 245 people are arrested in new york , according to police .
new : the interim president says he wants to show penn state is a `` caring community '' .
mccreery says `` country music is real ''
the facility is back in order , prison officials say .'
 nearly 500 people are dead in thailand and cambodia .
 gloria macapagal arroyo is accused of manipulating 2007 elections .
 individuals can make a difference by gauging their own ` water footprint ' .
liverpool striker suarez has denied the claims by united defender evra .
publicist : she arrives 20 minutes late to do community service at los angeles county morgue .
sri lanka 's response will be presented to parliament , though the president did not say when .
 lionel messi scores his first international goal for argentina in 16 games .
 opposition to the al-assad regime is becoming more organized and armed .
her husband , mark kelly , reads the rest of the book .
 obama gets 12 stitches after taking an elbow to the lip .
u.s. women 's team battle back from 7-5 down in saturday fourballs .
 74 % of people in poll think george washington did lie to the public as president .
court papers : chiquita paid groups that controlled lands where bananas grew .'
 venezuelan ambassador to israel and two others expelled .
protests are bigger than expected a day after the president steps down .
the tournament will get underway with equatorial guinea v libya on january 21 in bata .
 the uc board of regents chair says she supports the right to protest peacefully .
 new : the dead include three children on a thanksgiving trip with their father .
`` baby lisa '' is said to have been seen last on october 3 .
police took the woman and 6 children into protective custody .
the cuban national was arrested on the resort island of mallorca .
her great-great grandfather is believed to have been a slave on friendfield plantation .
 publicist : she arrives 20 minutes late to do community service at los angeles county morgue .
`` i want the national media to pick it up , '' her grandmother says .
`` continued coverage absolutely is critical , '' a retired police officer says .
 libyan state tv reports `` gangs '' in benghazi kidnapped abdul fattah younis al abidi .
most of the cases are in the city of lahore .
boy funded lavish lifestyle with ebay scam .'
 `` i 'm happy about being brooke charvet , '' brooke burke said .
simoncelli came off on second lap while in fourth place .
lomer johnson fell through roof rafters while apparently trying to get a child out .
 new : apple employees will celebrate steve jobs ' life on oct. 19 .
analyst : president obama is tougher than jimmy carter was .
until now , the wall was believed to have been completed during herod 's reign .
the official says the uighurs took two local villagers hostage .
 the state of emergency comes after weeks of protests against a gold mining project called conga .
seaworld trainers no longer go into the water with killer whales .'
 a new study may offer a clue to the relationship body weight and alzheimer 's disease .
the 1998 - 2000 corolla has been a stalwart for more than 40 years .'
palestinians will submit an application for statehood to u.n.  u.s. officials have made it clear they will veto such a move .
after hiv/aids , it is only second time u.n. has addressed health issues , he says .
forks , washington , now features tours for `` twilight '' enthusiasts .
the volunteer group helps rebuild communities after a disaster .
one of those hunters shot and killed the grizzly bear , they say .'
fifa president suggested last week on-field racism could be settled with a handshake .
the 32-year-old finn has signed a two-year deal with renault .
 arsenal 's new signing sent off after altercation with newcastle 's joey barton .
`` there 's no curbing the gay , '' she says .
students at uc-berkeley take over a campus building in protest .
george thomas wainwright died while scuba diving .
 uae international footballer theyab awana killed in a car accident .
defeat extends namibia 's world cup losing streak to 14 matches .
murray could get anything from probation to four years in prison tuesday .
 new : quartet warns egypt to ` address the security situation ' in sinai .
khan has set his sights on becoming world 's best pound-for-pound fighter .
ferguson will reach 25 years in charge of manchester united on sunday .
the guide was issued to current professional players in july .
2011 has seen numerous incidents a racism in football .
iran 's rulers believe the baha'i faith is blasphemous .
 president obama is heading to egypt to make address to muslim world .
authorities blame economic reasons for abortions .
the dirt was spread on a stage so tibetans could walk on it .
 a group called `` zeta killers '' releases a video on the internet .
state senator said allowing such a request was `` ridiculous '' .
 u.s. company irobot has donated four ground-based robots to help with recovery efforts .
`` the rum diary '' is supposed to be thompson finding his path to self destruction .
 survey : vienna , zurich and auckland have the highest quality of living .
 billy sharp reveals a t-shirt saying , `` that 's for you son '' .
no illnesses have been reported from the lettuce , the fda says .'
 ed husain : killing anwar al-awlaki demolishes the values that america stands for .
the red bull driver is poised to become the youngest double world champion in f1 history .
 heidi became a german media sensation after moving to leipzig zoo last year .
 mount rainier national park will reopen saturday .
syracuse university fired assistant men 's basketball coach bernie fine on sunday .
 freedom radio iraq broadcasters turn off their microphones friday night .
world number one novak djokovic also announced he was pulling out of the china open due to injury .
 the suicide bomber was standing among mourners at a funeral .
 lord 's resistance army has terrorized people in africa for two decades .
the gadhafi family blames nato for gadhafi 's death , the lawyer says .
dakota meyer missed deadline to apply to fire department .
the move is expected to bring 140-550 jobs to florida .
a judge who needs to sign bail paperwork is on vacation , their lawyer says .
cook took over for steve jobs on august 24 , 2011 .
the saudi king announced greater political participation for women this week .'
the united states vows to veto the palestinian request .
 new : johansson says she is not ashamed of the nude photo .
he earlier told police that she 'd said the world was ending and ordered him to leave .
abdelilah benkirane has been the pjd 's secretary-general since 2008 .
she returned to peru thursday .
report also emphasizes importance of obtaining high school diploma .
 gen. stanley mcchrystal also will ask for equipment , source says .
 kim richards has been `` erratic .
didier drogba scores twice as the premier league side qualify as group e winners .
 defense secretary naeem khalid lodhi was fired wednesday .
messi won four titles with barcelona in 2011 including the champions league .
an islamist militant group , boko haram , has been blamed for other attacks on churches .'
meyer and the company say the dispute has been resolved amicably .'
 gen. james cartwright : `` there are a lot of things here that are not finished '' .
south korean president asks citizens to `` go about their lives '' .
the iranian president is on a four-nation latin american tour .
nine-man inter milan extend italian lead to eight points after 0-0 draw with sampdoria .
the russian prime minister questions sen. john mccain 's soundness of mind .
67 people were aboard the oil rig when it capsized sunday .
he accepted a kilo of cocaine from undercover agent , they say .'
detroit police say three of the four women had links to online ads .
vitamin injections are popular among celebrities and businessmen for fatigue .'
it shows him speaking mandarin and with his two adoptive daughters .
 heather locklear was taken to the hospital after a 911 call .
 sony 's deputy president says the playstation 4 will not be announced at e3 .
25 passengers and 4 crew members remain unaccounted for , the coast guard says .
nome , alaska , has enough fuel to last until about march .'
top seed nadal now into quarterfinals of the japan open .
cass house inn & restaurant has an organic garden and five guestrooms .'
thai authorities are accusing the suspect of plotting attacks .'
 prince , paris and blanket jackson to take part in january 26 ceremony .
he led a life of multiple identities and once claimed to be `` clark rockefeller ''
xinhua editorial says u.s. `` should abstain from flexing its muscles '' in the region .
 new : contador apologizes for taking advantage of schleck problem in stage 15 .
contador takes yellow jersey from andy schleck in controversial fashion .
laxman scores unbeaten 103 to guide india to a five-wicket victory .
some say burnell , who was born with one hand , is scaring children .
an official says trade relations will not be suspended .
israel says it does not want a further deterioration of relations with turkey .'
the international house of prayer was founded in 1999 .'
she and her parents were trying to leave the city , activists say .
 new : the british foreign office has no immediate comment .
some 3,000 mourners gather at the grave site of neda agha-soltan .
 two sisters and a cousin , ages 27 to 34 , will be showcased on the program .
new : she says being with her family is `` the most important thing '' .
lithuanian foreign ministry denies the report in wednesday statement .
 obama on jobs : `` he changed the way each of us sees the world '' .
 solar-powered car race from darwin to adelaide .
rallies held in favor of , against islamic center near ground zero .
obama promises those with coverage they like can keep it .
retired gen. perez molina garners more than 53 % of the vote .
`` yoopers '' and `` trolls '' are forced to get along in michigan .
 frank martinez garcia was convicted of murdering his wife and a police officer .
the author says he wants his fiction to feel like journalism .
 women have been strikingly noticeable in street demonstrations .
60 percent of the people in malaysia are muslim , while 9 percent are christian .
attorney says color red is associated with louboutin .
 man confronts republic candidate demanding answers for his father 's killing .
finucane 's family wants inquiry , and says british government was complicit .
 the day after summer olympics end is expected to be the busiest in heathrow 's history .
funds would bring tab for iraq and afghanistan wars to $ 947 billion .'
 new amnesty report says peru 's poor pregnant women dying of neglect .
five nations ' veto power unfair , libyan leader tells u.n. general assembly .
 spokesman for tony blair 's office denies the systems of former pm have been hacked .
new : chae has confessed to starting the namdaemun fire , police chief says .
`` they got the cat into the trunk , and we stopped them , '' sheriff says .
 new : vote was unanimous , ministers tell cnn affiliate .
of state clinton of security threat posed by behavior .
 police : preliminary tests show a suicide victim used the same gun that killed a publicist .
 hyundai is reducing emissions at its steel plant in dangjin , south korea .
burma campaign uk urges the world not to forget other prisoners .
 take incorrectly hemmed jeans to a good tailor .
 ireporters agree that trekking in nepal is an incredible experience .
changes to the constitution by referendum rarely do well in australia .'
 herman cain has repeatedly denied sexually harassing women .
 before his family knew what listeria was , william beach was dead .
move comes after alabama passes a controversial immigration law .
u.s. coast guard makes preparations .
 no.
karzai says talks are the only way to end violence in afghanistan .
characterizing occupy wall street protesters as anti-american is disgusting , he says .
 al davis was `` a true legend , '' nfl commissioner says .
 `` halo : combat evolved anniversary '' is a remake of the original for xbox 360 .
 sachin tendulkar dismissed for 73 in final over of second day in melbourne test .
the 20-year-old mother was interviewed by authorities on st. maarten .
dale dye and his wife julia have written a graphic novel about the raid .
lunsmann was abducted in july along with her son and her nephew .
the ipod nano and touch both saw price cuts .
it will be available in stores on october 14 .
 clinton says the u.s. values its relationship with russia but is committed to democracy .
prosecutors will seek the death penalty against dekraai , of huntington beach .
police say protesters blocked lanes to brooklyn bridge .
 iranian military official : we will use `` suitable equipment '' to punish any attack .
there are risks of rupture , the health ministry says .
 capt.
 griffen kramer , 18 , son of a retired nfl quarterback , dies of apparent overdose .
a class-action lawsuit has been filed on their behalf , the aclu says .
the already is testing card scanning for military personnel .
 raul castro 's daughter joined twitter to discuss a recent trip .
mariela castro espin lashes out at anti-government critics .
canada criticized for not cracking down on indoor marijuana production .
sunday 's indian grand prix is the first to be held in the country .
 sebastian vettel now has an unassailable lead in the f1 drivers ' standings .
has a skill to match his flamboyant style that has divided critics .
consumer reports did n't recommend iphone 4 because of antenna problem .
he is charged in the july 22 attacks that killed 77 people .'
the lawsuit claims cassidy has been ` swindled ' out of merchandising profits .
 the app is a first by the catholic church in ireland .
halman , 24 , was stabbed to death monday in rotterdam , police say .
 norway is listed as the most democratic nation in the british report .
 keith and mary hudson sidestepped the issue of katy perry 's divorce .
`` i 'm excited for lyla to have a sibling '' loeb tells people .
chris christie is in news for `` jersey shore '' decision .
deal is a `` tribute to our brother , '' jackie jackson says .
a semi-automatic pistol was found in his bag , and authorities determined that it was stolen .
the afghan taliban says haqqani takes orders from it .
attorney says mubarak is `` directly responsible '' for killings .
bellevue police say his mom left him in a car after she ran out of gas .
authorities are searching the area with the help of tracking dogs .'
 recent disocvery of lost leonardo da vinci painting prompts speculation .
after a five-day hearing , a judge orders him to stand trial for murder .
 sharon brown worked in the library of the international school of kenya .
 hundreds of demonstrators protest the treatment of army private .
kim coach : `` she embraced the entire olympic experience ''
frazier died a week earlier , a month after being diagnosed with liver cancer .
mitt romney releases his 2010 tax return .
local government cordons off an area in the setagaya ward .
the number of older prisoners in the u.s. is growing , it says .
it calls for changes to harsh sentencing rules and care behind bars .'
the piece was commissioned for a special concert in jerusalem , october 19 .
he starred in oscar-winners `` the godfather , '' and `` the godfather : part ii '' .
he has performed at the beijing games and china 's 60th anniversary .
ohio owner of exotic animals found dead .
 the citadel says it regrets not pursuing the allegation further .
apps , including content from 40 new partners , will improve tv and video , microsoft says .
pakistan told the u.s. to leave the base after an airstrike killed 24 pakistani troops .
the 144th tournament will be the 29th to take place at ` the home of golf ' .
 two pharmacies sold drugs without valid prescriptions , federal agents say .
academy of motion picture arts and sciences challenges efforts to sell oscar trophies .
donald 's regular caddy john mcclaren succeeded golfer 's brother in carrying his bag .
he became president in september 2009 in a runoff election .
crayfish have been a problem for fishermen , but now used in chicken feed .
 south korea has one of the highest rates of suicide in developed countries .
 two-time oscar-winner catherine martin co-produced epic film `` australia '' .
kobe bryant gets the most votes for the western conference .
she 's afflicted with high blood pressure , the same disease that killed her sister .
 all 158 volunteers currently serving in honduras will be placed on administrative leave .
 attackers shot dead an elderly christian couple sunday in their home , an iraqi official says .
an attorney for benjamin arellano felix calls the plea deal `` very favorable '' .
 brandon mcinerney , 17 , pleaded guilty to killing 15-year-old lawrence king .
the sentence includes 11 years for manslaughter and 10 for using a firearm .
the singer-actress sought help for `` emotional and physical issues , '' her publicist says .
the killings of children and women spike , relatively , in the last half of 2011 .
 new : russian air traffic controllers gave incorrect information to the polish crew .
 near-perfect match needed in bone marrow transplants .
simeone returns to atletico after two successful stints as a player with the club .'
ocampo , 23 , is accused of the brutal stabbing death of racquel estrada and her son .
 `` there is no need for a recall of infant formula , '' federal health officials say .
the lawmakers can accept , reject , or amend the proposal .
 president ali abdullah saleh is set to step down after february 21 elections .
donald trying to be first man to top pga and european tour money lists in same year .
 number of homemade bomb attacks down in iraq , up in afghanistan .
all money wagered goes to a charity that the competitor has chosen .
 hugh jackman 's expanding his laughing man line into the world of chocolate .
barrymore says she drew on `` all those lessons '' from her years in hollywood .
 mexican and u.s. lawmakers call for investigations .
 bollywood star dev anand dies in london saturday night .
xxx domains for porn sites , have been controversial .
xi jinping is expected to become china 's president later this year .
 kim soerensen has been collecting globes since 2002 .
video was shown last weekend on turkish television .
 aung san suu kyi 's party says it will formally register as early as next week .
 roger federer beats david ferrer 7-5 6-3 in semis at atp world tour finals .
 new : manning 's defense calls only two witnesses .
 republican mitt romney has cousins in mexico .
southern english town had its own currency before between 1789 and 1895 .
canadian authorities say they believe dyer had been living in vancouver .'
the group threatens to track down and target shiite officials .
robin van persie scores hat-trick as arsenal hit seven against blackburn rovers .
nuremberg defeat hertha berlin 2-0 ; wolfsburg earn three points with 1-0 win over cologne .'
 the heart of st. laurence o'toole was kept in a box in christ church cathedral , dublin .
tributes flood in for 33-year-old morton who played in 15 tests .
a jury convicted bonds of obstruction of justice in april .
court stayed his execution monday over objection of prosecutors .
 state party rules allow some chance of candidates shutting out opponents .
 paintings by czech artist emil filla stolen in audacious theft from collection near prague .
filla was once a contemporary of picasso and braque , exhibited across europe and in u.s.
 graphic novels can tell any kind of story , including memoirs and biographies .
 unprecedented : three women share the coveted peace prize .
more than 160 people were killed in the siege of mumbai which is blamed on pakistani militants .'
 new : sepp blatter re-elected as president of fifa for a fourth term .
federer beats jo-wilfried tsonga of france in his 100th career final .
 duncan fletcher to take the reins as the new india cricket coach .
zakaria : u.s. needs to scale its security policies and bureaucracy to the actual threat .'
the russian expects to be fit for the australian open which she won in 2008 .
he was sentenced to 15 years for torture in a secret jail .
 the agency will set a national standard for perchlorate in water .
the epa will also set regulations on a group of other chemicals .'
 lt. col. robert e. underwood pleads not guilty , cnn affiliate reports .
tensions run high after attack on a catholic church .
mike tyson and former footballer diego maradona are the subjects of films .
 an autopsy is conducted on franco lamolinara , who was killed in a failed rescue attempt .
bush warns russia over reported cease-fire violations .
two u.s. officials say agreement close , but it 's not a done deal .
 attorney general jim hood petitions mississippi supreme court for a rehearing .
he was at mandela 's inauguration in 1994 , in washington today for obama 's .
 mike sorrentino says he `` spent the past several weeks getting treatment '' for drug problem .
other tower at houses of parliament named after long-serving monarch queen victoria .
 nine members of the hutaree militia were arrested in 2010 .
al-assad 's regime banned khalifa 's epic novel `` in praise of hatred '' .
 victor swaboski iii , 38 , is a sixth-grade teacher in pennsylvania .
vice president tariq al-hashimi is wanted on terrorism charges in iraq ; he denies the charges .
those statements from a grand jury transcript are part of the latest court filing .
colson whitehead 's `` zone one '' is a darkly comic take on the apocalypse .
they agree to study the idea of setting up their own development bank .
 new : a judge orders jetblue pilot clayton osbon held until a bond hearing thursday .
 putting is a skill that can be mastered by anyone , experts tell cnn .
the announcement comes after rebels declare independence for territory in northern mali .
the plant is on the english channel coast in northern france .'
 international rescue committee hospital is filled with people starving to death .
in miami , fidel castro is a very sensitive topic .
 new : u.s. attorneys ' office in utah says it has federal detainers in place for jeffs .
 wikileaks begins releasing what it says is a cache of documents from stratfor .
israel says the station 's broadcasts interfered with israeli tv and flight communications .
finely carved fragments , white marble head of a statue also found at site .'
chancellor angela merkel says she accepts wulff 's resignation with deep regret .
no.
she was reported to have been the highest-paid local news anchor in the country .
the 29 chinese workers were abducted from a construction site january 28 .
 the ship reported being under attack on christmas day .
 nigerian cartoon `` bino and fino '' aims to teach children about african history and culture .
jonjo o'neill-trained sunnyhill boy finishes second ; seabass , ridden by katie walsh is third .
ice gave the reprieve under the policy of prosecutorial discretion .'
his family is worried about his health in harsh prison conditions .
city manager roberto mancini said tevez would have to apologize before playing again .
the cause of the accident remains under investigation , marines says .
 tell us which women from the middle east inspire you most .
the israeli prime minister blames tehran ; iran denies the accusation .'
muslims regard the quran as their holy book .
a general reminds troops to treat dead with `` appropriate dignity and respect ''
tropical storm sendong struck the weekend of december 17 .'
 threats remain despite cold shutdown at fukushima plant .
relatives plan a memorial service in the coming weeks .
garcia : if latinos go strongly for obama , he could win in a landslide .
 a bahrain international circuit spokesman tells cnn that april 's f1 race will go ahead .
 anonymous chides fbi .
deficit fueled by the shut down of japan 's nuclear power plants .
 new : relative learns couple survived when she saw their picture on cnn.com .
paul revere 's grandson fought at the battle of gettysburg .
gen. john allen says the troops should continue to engage and partner with afghans .'
the three-time world player of the year also revealed he suffers from hypothyroidism .
governor , wife , staff .
the cars were delivered to the pardoned convicts at the governor 's mansion .
owner frank mccourt is in the middle of an expensive divorce .
 `` reviews you can trust '' claim is misleading , uk ad regulator says .
red bull 's vettel leads the drivers ' championship by 77 points from webber .
vonn has already claimed the overall and downhill world cup crowns .
robert 's western world and tootsies are his favorite honky tonks .
 argentine fa rescinds the contract of national coach sergio batista .
greece is trying to cut debt to 121 % of gdp , down from 160 % .
zoricic fell just before the finish of the eighth round of the world cup ski cross .
evacuation of wounded and sick begins in homs .
panetta says a nuclear test by north korea would be a provocation .
the opposition does not want the president to run for a third term .
he hopes to be certified world 's shortest man .
 brittany killgore went missing friday night .
reptile was killed near everglades national park .
authorities are preparing to remove 2,400 tons of fuel from the ship .
 borussia dortmund maintain two-point lead with a 1-0 win against bayer leverkusen .
the talks wednesday are to agree the details of the food assistance .
 north korea fires scud-type missiles that can reach 400 to 500 km .
wayne rooney scores both goals as united lead rivals manchester city by a point .
wertheim : the giants may be in a `` hot streak , '' but that 's not the same as momentum .
 uefa and europe 's top football clubs agree to reduce number of international matches .
students at a new jersey school named after houston called her an inspiration .
the disruption is the result of a problem with the power supply .
giffords announces she will resign in a video on her website .
 new : prime minister monti calls scalfaro an `` example of perfect consistency and integrity '' .
 diane von furstenberg 's wrap dress has been a fashion staple for decades .
 botanists discover first night-flowering orchid on island near papua new guinea .
30 percent of mac users have os 10.7 installed , another 50 percent favor snow leopard .
 u.s. envoy glyn davies is scheduled to meet with a north korean official in beijing .
they will discuss north korea 's willingness to suspend its nuclear program .
`` hopefully that ankle hurts , '' giants ' tuck says .
 extra pounds add pressure to joints so keep pets active and monitor their weight .
no official in the u.s. has indicated there 's any specific threat targeting jews .
 karim benzema scores twice in 4-0 win over racing santander to put real madrid 13 points clear .
juventus return to top of serie a with a 3-1 win over catania .'
`` welcome !
welcome !
 nick cannon suffered kidney failure as a result of lupus nephritis .
 xi jinping is scheduled to visit muscatine , iowa , on wednesday .
 candela rodriguez was missing since august 22 .
six of 11 justices voted to ban the party but seven votes were needed .
 the body of a 56-year-old man from akron , ohio , is identified , a sheriff says .
 the bahamas is prince harry 's second stop in a 10-day caribbean tour .
parliament will have to approve the draft for it to become law .
 new : nigerian joint action front calls for continued strikes over fuel subsidy .
the nigeria labor congress suspends strikes and protests , citing progress .
nigeria has been wracked by protests for more than a week over the end of a fuel subsidy .'
 new : china and india announce a new system for consultation on their border .
chinese diplomat says there is a huge potential for cooperation .
al-assad , the minister says , has lost all credibility .
oscar-nominated khan is one of bollywood 's most inventive talents .
temperatures in unit 2 at the fukushima plant have been steadily rising .
 ana gasteyer joined twitter on august 10 .
 thousands visit argentina for cheap cosmetic surgery .
he allegedly made videos of students having sex in his office .
the pope is making his first visit to mexico and cuba .
 the choices for the replacement of `` hunger games ' '' gary ross might be francis lawrence and bennett miller .
the united states has requested their extradition after an indictment .
 new : apple unveils a high-definition ipad .
he wanted `` interesting life ''
some people were stranded for days .'
 luxury travelers are still booking cruises .
 dollywood , gaylord entertainment launching new theme park in nashville .
the u.s. participated in the test described as `` target-only tracking ''
the french senate must vote on the measure now .'
zachary weaver : national rifle association had reasons to support the law .
 the supreme court heard oral arguments about arizona 's immigration law .
the prostitution scandal has embarrassed the secret service and pentagon .
monday and wednesday have been set as the dates for their release .
israel , palestinians point fingers over the latest impasse .
singer scored six nominations this year for her album `` 21 ''
 jakadrien turner told police that she was from colombia after being arrested .
 hermila garcia had been police chief for two months .
 a judge sentences joshua komisarjevsky to death .
another man also has been sentenced to death in the case .
news of the world was at the center of a hacking and bribery scandal .
a fourth senator tells cnn he may launch his own investigation .'
 a new smithsonian exhibit features american stories , large and small .
 john cossman has been battling cancer for eight years .
officials are looking into merah 's trips to afghanistan and pakistan .
authorities say he fatally shot a mount rainier park ranger on new year 's day .
he also has nine turnovers .
a u.s. agency warns there 's a `` small possibility of a ... regional tsunami ''
the case does not support murder charges , prosecutor said .
the rev.
 millions could face food shortages and hunger in south sudan , the u.n. says .
ac milan held to a 1-1 draw at catania in serie a ; second-place juventus play napoli on sunday .'
hacking collective anonymous says it targeted the websites .
new york police : the other man in the dispute sustained minor injuries .
 an appeals court ruled last week that `` do n't ask , do n't tell '' can not remain in place .
the iconic japanese conglomerate has n't made a profit in four years .
regan 's humor is observational , focuses on everyday life .
a top leader of one faction of the revolutionary armed forces of colombia is captured , he says .
luis moreno-ocampo wants saif al-islam gadhafi tried at the international criminal court .
libyan authorities say they want saif al-islam gadhafi to face justice at home .
saif al-islam gadhafi and intelligence chief abdullah al-senussi captured over weekend .
 yulia tymoshenko has been on hunger strike since april 20 to protest her treatment in prison .
a long-time jeffs follower says his marriage has been dissolved .
awareness of fair trade principles in the uk is almost double that of europe .
as host of `` american bandstand , '' clark bridged racial and political divides .
he says nuclear-armed pakistan is one of the countries where proxy groups have been used .
 former espn employee anthony federico tells the new york daily news , `` i 'm so sorry '' .
he wrote a headline that included the phrase `` chink in the armor '' .
ohio tries to stretch supplies of road salt .'
british queen delivers a speech each year scripted by politicians for her to read .
 youssif continues to be treated in california for his burns , scars .
the official says the government airstrikes missed their target .
mitchel hamauei knew manssor arbabsiar for 20 years .
 cleric maulana samiul haq says karzai asked him to mediate talks with the afghan taliban .
 `` at no point did i tamper in any way with the samples , '' the collector says .
a spokesman said a 27-year-old nigerian carried out friday 's bombing .
european commission official says sanctions are possibility .
cdc advises against non-essential travel to mexico .
swine flu suspected in 159 deaths in mexico .
the north wants those talks to resume without preconditions .
some of those released saturday were imprisoned as long as a year .'
 new : some residents of yefren are said to be living in caves .
the april 28 bombing killed 16 people at a popular marrakech cafe .
victory in the third test will see england overtake india as the world 's best side .
captain andrew strauss makes 158 in england 's run chase .
argentina still claims the territory , which it calls las malvinas .
last week , china 's internet filled with rumors of military vehicles entering beijing '
a u.s. official says that research is now `` moving forward ''
 venezuelan president hugo chavez condemns `` imperial insanity '' behind unrest in libya .
there were no immediate reports of injuries .
they were among 4 killed in the attack in ciudad juarez .
her nonprofit provides a network of support to young military widows .
barbour pardoned him for the third conviction , giving him rights .
 no injuries reported as two navy ships collide about 120 miles off the california coast .
 private memorial service for mary kennedy was held in bedford , new york .
a judge and an officer were wounded at a courthouse in montesano , washington .
the judge and an officer were wounded at a courthouse in montesano , washington .
investigators are looking at the singer 's behavior last week .
psychiatrist : it 's unlikely the solder was suffering from post-traumatic stress disorder .
real ended barcelona 's three-year spanish reign in record-setting season .
the relationship between alibaba and yahoo has often been fractious .
 the duck lake fire is raging in michigan 's upper peninsula .
last year 's winner , germany 's lena , came in 10th .
 new : assange will appeal , his legal team says .
saltsman said song is satire of a los angeles times article .
`` the safest nuclear policy is not to have any nuclear plants , '' according to kan .
 solar power plant that can operate at night is first of its kind .
power plant in southern spain can produce energy for 100,000 people .'
international organizations have criticized thailand 's lese-majeste law .
the `` star wars '' game has 260,000 lines of dialogue .
 during sierra leone fighting , limbs were hacked off as punishment .
 oil tanker was seized sunday on its way to yemeni port of aden .
three yemeni marines were wounded , two pirates killed in the operation .
`` shame on me !
shame on us ! ''
 katy perry 's `` the one that got away '' video has hit more than 12.4 million views .
britain 's competition watchdog said sale of airports will encourage competition .
the sunday tornado was an ef-5 storm with top winds of more than 200 mph .'
prosecutors charge mubarak 's sons with money laundering .
 the republican party held a happy hour for hillary clinton backers in denver .
jane campion is the only female director to win palme d'or , for `` the piano '' .
the islands are near the north korea maritime border .
many clubs have small or large stakes of shares owned by supporters .
 scout committee will study resolution on its membership policies .
nigerian civil aviation authority , the country 's airline industry regulator must be questioned too .
 joran van der sloot is charged with murdering a woman in a lima hotel room .
 adam mayes is accused of killing a woman and her daughter .
not quite a prequel , `` prometheus '' has the same dna as 1979 's `` alien ''
when he 's not playing tiger woods golf , he 's usually playing first-person shooter games .
police , lawmakers and an independent inquiry are all investigating the scandal .'
 sgt.
 howard johnson hotel chain offering a `` don draper '' promo .
the boat , bound for the united states , ran aground off hawksbill cay , the u.s. coast guard says .
suspect killed when police shot him in standoff .
 delegates agree to set up a funding mechanism for the opposition .
it was haas ' fourth pga tour title as he denies mickelson back-to-back wins .
government ministers criticize the verdict as politically motivated .
the coach has been working with four-time major winner mickelson since 2007 .
hln will re-air the concert along with a benefit special sunday night .'
 dick clark 's remains have been cremated , his publicist says .
 radical left leader alexis tsipras says bailout terms are `` null and void '' .
nrc has taken up some of its task force recommendations , they say , but not the top one .
 new : among the victims are two americans and a japanese national .
contestant 's lawyer : `` we want this rule eliminated '' .
landfills are the biggest emitters of the greenhouse gas , methane .
 queen elizabeth unexpectedly drops in on a wedding while she 's in manchester .
mother says her daughter was raped in 2009 and 2010 .'
it was the no.
 dharun ravi was convicted in may of spying on and intimidating his gay roommate .
czech republic seal 2-1 win over greece in early kick-off .
 a 1-mile stretch of linden avenue will be named after the civil rights leader .
serbian has won three grand slam titles in a row including recent australian open .
 new : italy and spain release hundreds of millions of euros in blocked libyan assets .
peter keller is suspected of killing his wife and daughter .
 gun parts were inside a teddy bear , a rabbit and a mickey mouse toy , the tsa says .
king 's fiancee says she found him at the bottom of his swimming pool .
 mexican president calderon calls halting deportations of young illegal immigrants `` just '' .
 images were on screen at northern ireland grade school during presentation to parents .
noaa : more than 7,700 record highs were recorded during the month .
the u.s.-initiated resolution was adopted in a 24-15 vote .
but romney still appears to have a problem winning the conservative base .
he was especially popular in washington , d.c.  `` go-go '' is a form of funk and soul .
 it has been one year since the devastating earthquake and tsunami in japan .
expert : human rights should n't dominate other issues in a mature relationship .
he ranks 19th in the world in the forbes rich list .
 thousands of mourners line streets of morosini 's hometown bergamo for funeral .
u.s. attorney 's office says skeleton brought here from great britain in 2010 .
the highly valued skeleton sold for more than $ 1 million at auction .
 wednesday 's death toll is at 56 , including 29 in idlib .
 in `` mirror mirror , '' julia roberts plays the evil queen , snow white 's murderous stepmother .
 organizers say talackova can participate if she meets certain requirements .
 elle macpherson : coal-fired power plants largest source of mercury pollution , a brain poison .
 girl scouts celebrate organization 's 100th birthday .
the boy was given about $ 3,500 , the news agency reports .'
`` i 'm sad my boys witnessed this mess , '' sanders tweets .
they are accused of `` striking '' alpha phi alpha pledges with paddles and their hands .
the plan involves greeks exchanging their euro for drachma .
 qantas net profit falls 83 % in six months to end of december .
luka rocco magnotta left germany for canada .
he 's accused of killing a concordia university student .
 maytag recalls 1.7 million dishwashers for posing fire hazard .
 bilal diab , 27 , and tha'er halahlah , 33 , have entered day 70 of a hunger strike .
 the last spanair flight landed on friday evening .
world champion sets the fastest time in saturday 's qualifying session .
it is federer 's second rotterdam title , seven years after first triumph .
 three-time defending champion novak djokovic reaches dubai semifinals .
 former world no.
last year 's runner-up will play world no.
top seed beaten in straight sets by angelique kerber of germany .
 atp world tour finals begin sunday at london 's o2 arena .
federer is drawn in the same group as last year 's runner-up rafael nadal .
wozniacki beaten 7-6 7-5 by germany 's julia goerges in semifinals .
jurgen melzer will face in-form canadian milos raonic in the final of the memphis event .
overreaction .
 mary elizabeth witherspoon : she learned of her husband 's marriage in a newspaper .
total evacuated the rig in the north sea after the leak sunday .
mclaren 's lewis hamilton fights from back of the grid to take eighth place .
a court rules that as the biological and legal father , he is responsible for child support .
 britain 's prince harry to travel to washington d.c. in may .
g8 leaders urge iran to cooperate with inspectors .
 secret service members are accused of bringing prostitutes to a secure hotel .
 vic armstrong was harrison ford 's stunt double in the indiana jones movies .
brazil and uruguay express concern about the impeachment of the president .
florida 's governor declares a state of emergency .
protests include burning of documents , rock throwing .
the government is in negotiations with the officers .'
 the masters tournament is the opening major of the golfing year .
tournament co-founded by bobby jones is one of sport 's great spectacles .
 former top-level chinese officials sentenced to over 10 years in jail .
 new : three of the four largest parties will hold more talks wednesday .
blatter rules out the wider use of video technology to help referees .'
he pleads not guilty to all charges in a 32-count indictment .'
the `` abbey '' audience has grown 25 % since the first season .
violence in western myanmar has killed at least 17 people in recent days .
action group for syria diplomats will convene in switzerland .
 in ollantaytambo , peru , you can see magnificent mountains and incan ruins .
the temple of the sun is at the highest point of the ollantaytambo ruins .
 president barack obama won north carolina in 2008 election by less than 15,000 votes .
no.
 frank lampard scores his 150th premier league goal in 1-1 draw with fulham .
los angeles district attorney 's office declines to file charges .
 brett murray 's painting , called `` the spear , '' was displayed at a johannesburg gallery .
portrait of president jacob zuma was removed from public show after protesters defaced it .
the `` jeopardy! ''
`` the pigs will have a more prominent role , '' rovio ceo says .
the white house stresses a special relationship with britain .
finance minister jan vincent-rostowski says the eurozone must be `` repaired ''
his next three shows at the caesars colosseum are canceled .'
south korea is the second-largest importer of beef from the united states .
luz milagros veron is in `` very serious '' condition , state media reports .
health minister : `` there was an error of medical protocol .
 opposition : at least 23 regime soldiers were killed monday in clashes at rastan .
the syrian government reports 4 deaths , including two army officers .
 the ronald reagan foundation calls the sale `` a craven act '' .
kelly thomas , 37 , who was homeless , was beaten last year in fullerton , california .
 graphic animal prints are a fashion trend this spring .
defeat leaves australia without a player in either singles championships .
the seven-times world champion has had a disappointing start to the year .'
they left behind the dog and her wedding ring ; both are recovered .
 11th suspected member of white supremacist group charged , released .
dalglish is a club legend having won titles as both a player and a manager .'
he was convicted of war crimes for his role in aiding rebels in sierra leone 's bloody war .
kentucky derby winner i 'll have another blows past bodemeister on the home stretch .
 the crash involved three coaches of a passenger train .
karen hoxmeier scouts out good deals for a living .'
 royston drenthe accuses lionel messi of calling him `` negro '' during matches .
 castro refers to the mass killing as `` an atrocious act '' .
1 since tiger woods in 2000 earlier this month .
tv , film assets and the publishing wing to be separate entities .
the high court debate on medicaid concludes a week of health care reform hearings .'
he says steve jobs wanted it to face the user when opening a laptop .
nadal thrashes novak djokovic 6-3 6-1 in final .
very few served under francois mitterrand .
 rafael nadal beat novak djokovic 7-5 .
three other men are charged in an alleged terror plot during the nato summit .
reports say 15,000 people are expected to march in protest .'
sony plans to integrate phones into its `` four-screen strategy '' .
club president andrea della valle says : `` no provocation can justify that reaction ''
rihanna 's followers made the obvious link to chris brown 's girlfriend karrueche tran .
president bashar al-assad 's forces used the hospital as a detention center , activist says .
 li wangyang , a labor rights activist , was found hanged in his hospital room .
 20 medical professionals were arrested and sentenced last year .
penn state says that it immediately provided information to the attorney general .
no deaths or injuries are reported from the dexter , michigan , tornado .
 taruni 's mother also died in the crash .
reports say smoke was in cabin , and all passengers were evacuated .
 the state 's house of representatives passed the bill thursday .
he called african union to send more troops to resolve the border dispute .
sen. grassley 's letter demands answers from attorney general holder .
alonso is the first driver to win two races this season after he secured victory in valencia .
the stranger 's wife donates her kidney to someone in pennsylvania .
wagner had been on parole after murder conviction , cnn affiliate reports .'
proview argued apple negotiated as a fake company : ip application development .
an 11th minister resigns , causing the government to collapse .
ferrer confirms he is retiring from davis cup duty after five years playing for spain .
coach jose mourinho sent off as well as players mesut ozil and sergio ramos .
`` there is no clear guidance on what to report and when to report , '' an official says .
goualougo triangle home to unique population of great apes .
syrian president : `` even monsters do not do what we saw '' in houla .
 alex garcia , an iraq war veteran , helps homeless vets at a chicago-area shelter .
the samson scene is straight from the book of judges .
police from nations competing at the tournament will be in poland during the matches .
 former star of `` the partridge family '' ordered to serve a year of probation .
 new : 43 protesters and 33 police are injured in clashes , madrid ambulance service says .
 the eu hopes smartgrids will transform europe 's electricity network in 21st century .
she could make history if she wins a third gold at london 2012 .
 martina hingis is suspended for two years after testing positive for cocaine .
the victim 's family wants an indictment on a charge that could carry a lifetime sentence .
 edgar vallejo guarin was arrested in spain in 2008 .
 world health day is saturday , the world health organization 's birthday .
 new : `` the allegations are absurd , '' a bahraini government spokesman says .
angelina jolie and jennifer aniston did not make the list this year .
the egyptian couple did n't have visa for the child .
u.s. , egyptian officials discuss ways to `` move '' the political process , a spokesman says .
 beck suffered excruciating pain after surgery , he says .
the clash over health care dominated the first half of obama 's presidency .
 88 darfuri women interviewed in chad described `` profound '' suffering and fear .
a medical examiner will determine if the remains are shannan gilbert 's .
the high temperature is forecast for 88 degrees ; the april norm is 56 degrees .
argentina 's government has been linked but strenuously denies any involvement .
 microsoft rolls out its final preview version of windows 8 .
family members are calling for an official investigation into his death .
 douglas kennedy was arraigned thursday on on misdemeanor charges .
kennedy wanted to take his son out for some `` fresh air , '' attorneys say .
the alleged prostitution scandal in colombia raises questions about agency culture .
sullivan has spent almost 30 years at the secret service .
153 bodies have been recovered from the crash site .
he says the letters kids send him reinforce the idea he is making a difference .'
 dave gahan is the front man for depeche mode .
the stolen vehicles were worth more than $ 1 million , officials said .
the explosion occurs in a residential neighborhood of yangon .
park jung-geun also tweeted an image of himself with the north korean flag .
 an antonov an-148 aircraft crashes in belgorod region .
report : an aircraft factory was testing the plane before it was delivered .'
shafilea 's mother unexpectedly says she saw her husband attack the girl .
 gadhafi 's elite ground forces are well-paid , well-equipped .
le lodge park in meg\xc3\xa8ve , france has a glamorous , trapper-style aesthetic .'
british would-be jihadis are `` a new and worrying development ''
 tommy lasorda , 84 , is in stable condition in new york .
training will be done on three levels , or tiers .
 formula one will begin in new jersey in 2013 , sources say .
chris christie expects it to be an economic boon .
 the widow and mother-in-law of faizan haider are found dead .
haider and another man were killed by cia contractor raymond davis last year .
hamilton 's mclaren teammate jenson button is third ahead of red bull 's mark webber .
 u.s. immigration officials receive eight calls in the week after u.s. supreme court ruling .
the judicial system `` is simply not supporting women , '' an afghan legislator says .
indycar says it needs more time for an investigation and to test its new car .
protesters want accountability and change , amnesty says .'
 human rights watch accuses indian police of abuses .
formula one supremo bernie ecclestone has ruled out using a replacement venue .
platini will back sepp blatter for re-election at fifa unless president is guilty of corruption .
tsuneoka was kidnapped in march and released saturday .'
the tourists lose all their wickets for 122 runs after an opening stand of 174 .'
 new : qantas to resume flights to and from adelaide on wednesday .
flooding recedes in rockhampton but could still peak in st. george .
french oceanographic ship will conduct new searches .'
 events at the commonwealth games in delhi get underway .
australia dominate in the pool claiming four gold medals .'
president ali abdullah saleh is a member of the powerful al-hashid tribe .
this week , more than 1,600 kilos of explosives and components have been found .
the cloud stranded australian flights more than a week ago .
he is sentenced to 105 years , but can serve only 40 under spanish law .'
saleh has been recovering in saudi arabia since he was wounded in a june 3 attack .
 scientists say the electronic tongue can tell how much sugar is in a cava .
sensors and mathematical processes are used to reproduce human senses .
researchers in barcelona say the device could help in the production process .'
she says obama 's reorganization might expand national security council .
yunus , a nobel laureate , is recent target of lawsuits .
 flight from houston to new york struck by severe turbulence .
fastest serve record broken in south korea by australian journeyman .'
 funeral home in easley , south carolina , plans coffee shop .
david chukwunonso allison 's wife , joy , died in the plane crash sunday in nigeria .
western powers are using sanctions to pressure tehran over its nuclear program .
national park service confirms repairs will take 12 to 18 months .
 get tips on how to win fantasy football competitions .
chappatte a pioneer of cartoon reportage , or graphic journalism .
 phoenix 's raffi torres injured chicago 's marian hossa during a playoff game tuesday .
new : results of the findings about 17 others will be announced later .
authorities in myanmar 's rakhine state are holding aid workers for `` questioning '' .
jerry brown signs a bill funding the first leg of high-speed rail line .
 luka rocco magnotta appeared in court thursday .
magnotta is charged with killing and dismembering a chinese student .
 aimee copeland , 24 , was infected with aeromonas hydrophila on may 1 .
his ` children of the sea ' project aims to revive fishing and community of urato islands .
 `` the curious case of benjamin button '' about a man who ages backwards .
duke and duchess are reported to be planning a low-key celebration .
 body will lie in repose thursday and friday at library in boston , massachusetts .
 producer peter kunhardt : project started after kennedy 's cancer diagnosis .
 regina spektor is a singer-songwriter known for being a little quirky .
 madeleine peyroux 's new album , `` bare bones , '' is unflinching .
it 's in the past '' .
abductions by strangers are rare ; runaways are much more numerous .
defending world champion casey stoner crashes out on final lap .
gyorgy matolcsy says hungary has had to use unconventional economic policy measures .
breivik is on trial for attacks that killed 77 people .'
leading lebanese designer , reem acra talks fashion .
an initiative in the uae is transforming used cooking oils from mcdonald 's into bio-fuels .
 san bernardino is scheduled to vote on declaring a fiscal emergency .
the city faces a $ 45 million shortfall as millions in revenues have evaporated .
 both obama and romney will campaign in virginia this week .
 rovio entertainment has bought `` casey 's contraptions '' and is rebranding it as `` amazing alex. ''
unclear why steven mojenza was moved to different facility .
but courts have consistently upheld the pardons , some of which went to convicted killers .
human rights groups say he is 11 , while authorities say he 's 12 .
there are also fresh voices , such as karen thompson walker .
the indictment says he knowingly interfered with the crew and was disruptive .'
wiggins gains valuable time on defending champion cadel evans .
obama first traveled to afghanistan in 2008 .
 new : barkley says he 's disappointed in himself , police were `` fantastic '' .
 news that yahoo ceo marissa mayer is pregnant re-ignited work and motherhood debate .
the marussia driver was involved in a crash at a test on tuesday .
 mitt romney says he ceased managing bain capital when he took over olympics in 1999 .
watson stopped reporting to authorities and skipped bail .
nana akufo-addo of the incumbent npp has been ousted .
 olympic village in london ready for next phase .
 the error affects four synchronized swimming events .
the lack of nerves on a donor heart poses an extra challenge for transplant patients .'
senegal qualified for the olympics for the first time with a win over oman in a playoff .
 charl schwartzel leads malaysian open with first round eight-under 64 .
 new : plaintiffs ' attorney says sheriff practices `` policy of racial discrimination '' against latinos .
 o.j.
`` he had some personal things come up , '' titans head coach said saturday .
 stephanie march plays ada alexandra cabot on `` law & order : svu '' .
the guards were in the city on training .'
 britain 's mark cavendish claims second win of this year 's tour .
 french swimmer yannick agnel wins his second gold , park , sun share silver .
missy franklin wins her first olympic gold .
expenses of catherine , duchess of cambridge , are `` quite minimal '' .
 perveen crawford , hong kong 's first female pilot , shows us around her favorite spots .
 cyclone roller coaster debuted in june 1927 .
the three top-placed parties in sunday 's election have each failed to form a coalition .
 unprecedented olympic chatter in china over micro-blogging sites .
three childhood friends meet on a bronx stoop every 10 years .
brooks is a former editor of the news of the world and ceo of news international .
 fargo forum rejects same-sex couple 's wedding announcement .
stella mccartney has designed team gb 's adidas apparel for london 2012 .
fromme , 60 , released on parole friday morning .'
french finance minister christine lagarde would be the first woman to run the imf .
 the boy speaks little english and is not thought to be `` street-wise , '' police say .
alonso trails red bull 's sebastian vettel by 89 points .
 argentina striker carlos tevez joins manchester city on a five-year contract .
 women in libya are training to defend moammar gadhafi 's regime .
some homes in detroit , michigan , sell for as little as $ 1 , many for $ 50 .
 budget travel editors identify their favorite travel booking sites .
`` i really want to do as much as possible , '' says landon cassil .
mothers say the girls do n't go to meyers lake .
obama , nasa predict manned mars landing as soon as 18 years .
blake aiming to challenge bolt for gold at the london olympics this year .'
 germany 's ingrid klimke to compete in her fourth olympics in london this year .
a government labor board said the dispute could have inflicted `` serious damage '' to tourism .
the child was conceived by in vitro fertilization after the father died .
legislation to create the ombudsman has got bogged down in parliament .
hazare galvanized the country last year with a hunger strike protest .'
house committee files lawsuit in dispute over `` fast and furious '' documents .
her father says people set up fake twitter accounts in saudi arabia to call her names .
protesters had been camping outside hsbc headquarters for 10 months .
 premier league title decided in stoppage time of manchester city 's game with qpr .
 aeroshot 's labeling is `` false and misleading , '' fda says .
 imam kareem ibrahim was convicted of planning to blow up jfk airport .
since market reforms introduced in 1978 , the leap to prosperity has left millions behind .
 several professional athletes have recently had staph infections .
during his visit to florida this weekend , ryan needs to clearly define himself , she says .
 a discrimination suit was filed by the man who heads ice operations in new york .
however , ferguson says city will continue to spend `` stupid money ''
g4s admits it can not provide all the olympic security guards it 's contracted to deliver .
new : virus kills nine people and infects 175 more people in dallas county , texas .
 gamal and alaa mubarak are accused of insider trading .
prosecutors say they profited illegally from a 2007 bank sale .
 basil jones and adrian kohler are the co-founders of the handspring puppet company .
 ginsburg is recovering from fractured ribs , sources say .
a soldier opened fire on his battalion commander , a defense official says .
bebe buell once dated them both and took to facebook to dispel rumors .
 new : 230 people were killed tuesday , an opposition group says .
review says gsa spent thousands on 2010 awards ceremony .
 roger federer beats juan martin del potro in longest olympic tennis match .
the border crossing was closed by israel and egypt in 2007 to cut off hamas .
the meet record is one of the most elusive in track and field .
he was arrested in germany on monday .
 leftist government files a motion with parliament to suspend the president .
five israelis were killed in a suicide bombing last week .
 lego may not trademark its iconic plastic brick .
both obama and romney will campaign during other party 's big week .
the usda is reviewing a corrective plan submitted by the company .
 mauricio santoyo velasco was indicted in virginia on drug trafficking charges .
cnn 's first digital art gallery , `` 9/11 ripple , '' explored the ripple effects of the terrorist attacks .
cain suspended his campaign saturday but denies any impropriety .'
honolulu ranked third on the list , above busier airports like atlanta .
m23 rebels have threatened to take over the town .
 the paralympic opening ceremony takes place wednesday evening in london .
muamba collapsed on the pitch against tottenham in an fa cup match on march 17 .
 music was the heartbeat of the $ 42.3 million olympic opening ceremony spectacular .
victoria pendleton takes women 's keirin after disappointment of team sprint .
gb women 's team pursuit squad beat their own world mark in qualifying .
 college football hall of fame 's board members are expected to meet in early october .
mississippi : there are reports of flooding in hancock and harrison counties .
swiss world no.
2 seed victoria azarenka from belarus 6-3 7-6 to book her place .
no.
no.
no.
point at which man and machine merge into one is referred to by kurzweil as `` singularity ''
 fans of real madrid and barcelona preview saturday 's el clasico .
texas is the hardest hit , with 34 deaths reported .
 madeleine peyroux 's new album , `` bare bones , '' is unflinching .
social-networking website facebook has 900 million registered users .
comes after a california jury awarded apple $ 1.05 billion in a patent dispute with samsung .
 gooding allegedly pushed the woman early tuesday .
 new : `` the focus is now on aleppo , '' un peacekeeping chief says .
`` look !
oswaldo paya died in car crash sunday , officials say .
 petra anderson , 22 , was wounded in the aurora , colorado rampage .
 the plane crashes into an alfalfa field in davenport , iowa .
the january 2011 attack kills 6 and wounds 13 .
the court adjourns until saturday after the legal validity of the report is queried .
there have been 87 deaths from the mosquito-borne virus .'
 shanshan feng wins the lpga championship to become china 's first major winner .
taiwan 's world no.
jim furyk and graeme mcdowell both had chances to tie him on the last hole .
tiger woods continued to fade sunday , finishing in tie for 21st .'
 u.s. open starts thursday at the olympic club in san francisco .
former world no.
 tickets for `` the dark knight rises '' will go on sale on the internet at noon on june 11 .
 the sonisphere knebworth festival in stevenage , england has been cancelled .
 impressionist and modern auction sales kick off in london ; will test the strength of the global art market .
star lots of sales at bonhams and sotheby 's include paintings by monet , klimt , modigliani and picasso .
 new : video supports danish navy 's explanation that it rescued men .
`` we no longer have any captives , '' farc commander mauricio jaramillo says .
the colt won the english 2,000 guineas at epsom earlier this month .
swedish olympic and triathlon bodies take their appeal to sports court .
they say they are protesting the prime minister 's plan to double the sales tax .
some pre-orders were shipped on thursday , google says .
other airlines are changing their seat structure to be more comfortable .'
good friday is highlight of holy week in philippines .'
croat ljubicic will end his 14-year playing career after april 's monte carlo masters .
the czech republic beat argentina 3-1 to book their place in the final .'
the new siri will retrieve sports scores and make restaurant reservations .
three homes are destroyed , several damaged in the remote mountain area of british columbia .'
both countries claim sovereignty over a group of islands in the east china sea .'
 ecuador grants asylum to julian assange , who is holed up in ecuador 's london embassy .
the phenomenon is known as `` green-on-blue '' and is disturbingly more frequent in afghanistan .
 `` life is good '' is nas 's 10th album .
 a judge rules that juana villegas can seek a u-visa .
 man arrested is alleged ringleader of notorious mexican drug-trafficking family .
lebaron had become anti-crime activist after his brother was kidnapped .
invitations for the launch tease the idea : `` come and meet the next galaxy '' .
kevin pietersen has been dropped after `` provocative '' text messages sent to opposition .
usain bolt and yohan blake win their semis in men 's 200m .
russia 's ivan ukhov wins men 's high jump , germany 's robert harting the discus .
teammate yohan blake takes 100m in scintillating 9.69 seconds .
champions borussia dortmund beaten 3-2 at hamburg to end unbeaten run .
england beat italy 2-1 in switzerland while spain win 2-1 against puerto rico .
 maj. nidal hasan explains to judge why he has n't shaved his beard .
army regulations require hasan to be clean-shaven .
sotheby 's new york is auctioning off three original apple documents .
 fox news , ap reveal true name of author who wrote book on bin laden raid .
`` the orangutan is an extremely vulnerable species , '' pratje says .
olympic posters can provide a snapshot of the political environment of the time .
reports say 15,000 people are expected to march in protest .'
2-0 win away to werder bremen extends lead over frankfurt to five points .
 new : pakistani taliban official confirms airstrike .
 murdoch 's full-page ad , run in every national newspaper , says : `` we are sorry '' .
an amnesty spokesman says the executions mark `` a step back '' for gambia .
the man jumped from a monorail car into the tiger mountain exhibit friday .'
 in a cnn/orc survey , 57 % said they oppose mountaintop removal mining .
 obamas will spend 20th wedding anniversary with the romneys ... at debate .
the pope 's butler has been arrested and the head of his bank has been fired .
u.s. and british government lawyers contested the arguments put forward .
 serena williams wins women 's singles title at london olympics .
williams completes golden slam of foru grand slams and olympic singles gold .
bryan brothers take men 's doubles gold for the united states .
 drew brees throws a touchdown pass in 48th straight game .
crayfish have been a problem for fishermen , but now used in chicken feed .
more than 75 are dead in philippines in flooding from tropical storm ketsana .'
state police find no evidence to support such a claim .
warrington lost the match at old trafford 26-18 .'
 tiffany hartley is suing for information about her husband 's death .
doj authorized the cia to torture prisoners , says aclu official .'
 garmin rider ryder hesjedal wins giro d'italia in milan .
 authorities block road into south waziristan , ending protest march .
 richard holbrooke first went to bosnia in 1992 in the early days of the war .
 asadullah khalid is accused of drug trafficking and torture .
 two bombs exploded in balochistan , killing 12 and injuring 25 .
 retired fbi special agent robert levinson vanished in 2007 .
mark bridger is charged with murder , child abduction .
 skipper mahendra singh dhoni smashes winning runs for india with huge six .
 new : tigers shut out a 's to advance to american league championship series .
suleman , a mother of six , recently had octuplets .
the rental truck was stolen from a detroit hotel , found near hospital .
the lawsuit accuses the government of violating the first amendment .
 new : lawler is in stable condition , wwe says .
lawler collapsed during a world wrestling entertainment show in montreal and is hospitalized .
the couple met through the petit family foundation .
the killers have been sentenced to death .
camp has housed exiled iranian opposition members since mid-1980s .
 obama condemns bombings , pledges u.s. support for iraq election .
her business partner , mark strong , is charged on 59 counts .
nov. 23 massacre killed 57 people ; thirty journalists were among the dead .'
the interns worked for about three weeks at foxconn 's yantai manufacturing plant .
 phil ivey won $ 11.7 million playing punto banco in august .
the former new mexico governor may be on the ballot in as many as 47 states .
when pressed , he said one investor had died of malaria , authorities say .
mother teresa currently buried in missionaries of charity compound in kolkata .
this summer saw him play his first match in the wimbledon main draw .
 professor of design don norman wants designers to be more inclusive .
 about 1 % , or 31 flights per day , will be canceled , american airlines says .
american extends capacity cuts through mid-november .
valdez-villarreal is believed to be in mexico .
 new york 's w. 53rd street west of broadway `` u2 way '' for a week .
emergency officials issue evacuation orders for many communities .
 prince william piloted a helicopter that rescued a 16-year-old girl from a rip current .
 new : twenty-eight cars from a train derailed .
tornadoes touched down in bellemont , which is near flagstaff .
the windows were blown out of about 100 homes , the sheriff said .'
he accuses tony blair and george w. bush of fabricating a motive to invade iraq .
many of the victims are iranian pilgrims , an official said .
the rig attacked by an armed group is off the southern coast of nigeria .
south korea finish second in the medals table ; japan were third .
 civilians may have been `` caught in the crossfire , '' official says .
chanting `` give us our time back , '' they demand a nationwide referendum on the issue .
the mayor of buenos aires says the conflict stemmed from `` uncontrolled immigration ''
union says teachers , support staff will return to work on wednesday .
the u.s. treasury freezes laurent gbagbo 's assets .
 researcher says , `` i 'm not afraid .
ucla researcher uses vervet monkeys for drug addiction studies .
the ` city in the sea ' has 300km of roads and 256 individual oil wells .
the ship has been docked at maracaibo since august 29 .
mourners storm the pulpit and take away his microphone .
he and brother fidel castro have ruled country since 1959 .
 paralympic movement was born in stoke mandeville , outside london , in 1948 .
president obama has been notified about the officer 's death , the white house says .
 preliminary results shows canada 's conservative party winning 166 parliament seats .
home to world-class theater , music and contemporary art .
 the united nations has received 48 % of what it needs for africa crisis .
 nato force is investigating reports of civilian casualties .
armed insurgents were targeted in kapisa province .
the emir of qatar visits gaza and will increase aid .
 the criminal charges brought against four people over the sinking carry heavy penalties .
 new : a string of explosions is heard in tripoli early sunday .
new york jets superbowl win in 1969 was inspired by quarterback joe namath .
one coin reportedly asks , `` where will you spend eternity ? ''
the 40-year-old uk woman is being questioned at a london police station .
his first start coincided with barnet 's first league win of the season .
 white supremacist eugene terreblanche was bludgeoned and stabbed at his farm .
armstrong 's wife participates in ceremony aboard uss philippine sea .
 the supreme court upheld a stay of execution just before midnight .
2 reactor tuesday morning .
 170 million children worldwide suffer stunting due to malnutrition .
he says ex-senator appeared inconsistent on issues such as no child left behind vote .
liverpool 's luis suarez was handed an eight-match ban for racial abuse last year .
 bayern munich go two points clear in bundesliga .
the newly independent country of south sudan is facing a refugee crisis .
the athletes had left the medals in the pockets of their unattended jackets .
john abraham is the second falcons player arrested in a week .
but he remains a `` person of interest '' in 9 cases of missing or murdered canadian women .
 cymothoa exigua destroys fish 's tongue .
 cnn posed questions for readers via a facebook app .
granville , 33 , was shot to death early new year 's morning in sudan .
investigators did not find evidence the children were victims of the fire .'
christian aguilar , 18 , was last seen september 20 in gainesville , police say .
as of saturday , 127 people have been killed in chicago this year .
the highway connects the san fernando valley with west l.a. and lax .
there is no vaccine and no treatment for severe cases , which can cause paralysis .
u.s. military capabilities in the region have been `` enhanced '' in recent days , he says .
 einstein 3.0 would `` shoot down '' attempts to tamper with government computers .
amnesty international cites 150 deaths in asking police to suspend use of tasers .
 the boy scouts of america commissioned the `` independent review '' of its `` perversion files '' .
french police are investigating a high-profile prostitution ring in lille .
investigation involves allegations of stock market manipulation .
romney and obama reluctant to be seen as trying to capitalize politically off of sandy .'
lenovo , coolpad and huawei smartphones all outsell apple 's iphone in china .
steven kazmierczak opened fire in geology lecture hall february 14 .
police : victims in scottish avalanche saturday were from n. ireland , scotland .
pakistan 's railway minister is offering a $ 100,000 bounty .
two companies have huge share of concert business .
 military operation kills 13 civilians , three militants , u.s. says .
cobain , frontman for band nirvana , has been influential in music .
 `` csi 's '' william petersen has last episode thursday .
a man defaced one of famed artist rothko 's seagram murals on sunday .
 saudi authorities said women were not properly accompanied .
`` baby gabriel '' disappeared in 2009 when he was 8 months old .
 border patrol says rocks were thrown at its agents .
the drum line at north carolina central university must attend hazing prevention workshop .
 spanish duo earn chelsea a valuable 2-1 win over london rivals arsenal .
fox : some prominent persons of interest have been proved innocent .
22-page document outlines venture to pay international consultants .
 young palestinian 's death from breast cancer inspires first commercial animation .
1 albums .'
new : the casa c-212 plane crashed into a mountainside .
allegations centered on serb-led campaign in kosovo in 1999 .'
he also visits a sprawling slum in kenya .
wayne rooney is sent off and will now miss at least the opening match of the finals .
 merced , california , has one of the nation 's highest foreclosure and unemployment rates .
statewide postponement of the presidential vote is an open legal question .'
eight of the 11 fires at churches in east texas have been ruled arson .
thousands of anglo-american platinum mine workers have been striking for three weeks .
those who did n't attend were fired .
brown remains on probation for assaulting rihanna in 2009 .
 gov.
 a junior prosecutor is accused of having an affair with the accuser .
the decision is a major victory for proponents of same-sex marriage .
authorities say the schemes defrauded medicare of $ 163 million .'
police found body of darlene haynes in apartment closet .
he apparently was pulled from a kayak by a crocodile on the lukuga river .
giffords is to be moved to tirr memorial hermann in houston .
amnesty says gambian president yahya jammeh is behind the campaign .
yemeni-flagged fishing dhow had been taken over by pirates in november .
 at least 17 artifacts are missing from the egypt museum , zahi hawass says .
 university wants to be more inclusive .
 new : after steady rain saturday , sun and warmth are forecast sunday in new orleans .
president saleh agrees to a new constitution and elections .
a witness says pro-gadhafi forces extensively shelled misrata .
 women 's rights advocate ezatollah sahabi dies at her father 's funeral .
an explosion derails another train in india 's northeastern region .
nafissatou diallo conducts interviews with newsweek and abc news .
the show had 4.6 million watch on tuesday , with a 2.4 in the adult demo .
the fbi says it takes such threats seriously .
other family members of victims support the move .
during visit , fujimoto meets kim jong un and his wife .
8 -- number of buckeye state residents who have been elected president .
nelson was prosecuted after a driver struck and killed her son .
 new : state department has `` grave concerns '' .
 turkey 's president says defensive measures are being discussed .
sales of statues are brisk .'
he began writing for daily variety in 1953 .'
authorities say there is no immediate radiation danger in the philippines .'
obama named two supreme court justices in his first term .
the gymnast says she 's `` always wanted to be an actress '' .
2 with $ 25 million .
3 was ben affleck 's `` argo ''
 `` cnn heroes : an all-star tribute '' aired thanksgiving weekend on cnn .
 chelsea clinton wore a gown by vera wang , the family says .
dieting theories emphasize carbohydrates , proteins or fats .
about half the injuries are among kids , commission says .
 new : what 's thought to be a human skull is found monday in oyster bay , police say .
 michelle obama talks to larry king in an interview wednesday night .
the fbi informed the director of national intelligence of the situation on election day .
no asbestos in air , but it was detected in six of 10 samples of dust , debris .
foreign companies say it 's increasingly more difficult to compete in the domestic market .
president obama ridicules what he calls republican `` tax cut fairy dust '' .
time for a reality check , he says ; president was not in danger .
 the boy was shot in the head while playing football , the gaza health ministry says .
persona non grata : person unwelcome due to ideological differences .
he donned women 's clothing and sneaking into a women-only park .
`` france is a safe country , a country which investors can trust , '' fillon says .
 christopher lloyd 's home one of dozens destroyed by california wildfires .
cadillac xlr-v roadster can compete with the mercedes sl-class .
the hatchback will make the subaru impreza wrx sti a collectible later .'
authorities are not yet identifying the bodies in the vehicle .
 bal thackeray founded shiv sena , a powerful political party .
final offer from lonmin mining company gives miners raises of up to 22 % .
34 miners were killed last month in a clash with police .'
 the kenyan military says it controls half of kismayo .
melena was a 6-year veteran of the santa fe springs plant .
german foreign minister in hong kong as part of germany 's two-day summit in china .
 roland martin : texas a&m qb johnny manziel has taken the college football world by storm .
 a 2-year-old male elephant pins a sydney zookeeper against a post .
in france stricter privacy laws protect people from such intrusion , she says .
taronga zoo investigating why the elephant `` challenged the keeper '' .
the fire forced evacuation of the san gabriel canyon .
 three police officials , one of them senior , are killed in the blast .
 the italian prime minister makes a surprise visit to afghanistan .
 soldiers : army denied them disability rating , so they were denied benefits .
lawsuit filed by veterans advocacy group on behalf of vets with ptsd .
the `` impressionist and modern art evening sale '' was in london , england , tuesday .
a tornado touches down on puerto rico 's western coast .
 forecasters worried about rain during high tide .
 theresa reel agrees to $ 450,000 settlement with the city .
radcliff 's father , charles , was sheriff and his son , robert , is running for the office .
lonnie davie franklin jr. was arrested in the case .
he was arraigned thursday on 10 counts of murder and one of attempted murder .
they also say they are demanding his body be returned to pakistan .
 new : `` we must now enter the recovery process , '' gov.
 the leonid meteor shower occurs in mid-november each year .
korea 's psy teams with mc hammer for a dance medley .
tata fled to nigeria after the fire , but she was arrested and returned to the united states .'
 carol hawkins , 49 , was the personal assistant to u2 's adam clayton .
 images showed duchess sunbathing with prince william in southern france .
 queen elizabeth ii celebrated her diamond jubilee in 2012 .
gregory peterson was charged with 25 counts of sexual crimes .
 friday marks national bike to work day .
`` escalation is what we are concerned about , '' a senior u.s. official says .
service problem brought down ticketing , reservations systems at alaska airlines .
 a group headed by former fbi director louis freeh has been poring over penn state e-mails .
could make comeback in february 's lightning stakes .
a woman dies in childbirth every 29 minutes , one in four children die before age 5 .
justice department officials insist they did nothing wrong .
it weighs approximately 10 tons and is approximately 75 years old .
 barcelona surpass real madrid 's record for best start to la liga season with 5-1 over bilbao .
 president fern\xc3\xa1ndez has said argentina would keep paying `` as befits a country which has recovered its self-esteem '' .
ahly star dedicates saturday 's win to 74 fans who died at port said in february .
the tax issue has stymied deficit reduction talks for two years .'
building up lincoln after divesting of investments in aston martin and other luxury brands .
 inmates become ill at arizona state prison .
 africa 's business aviation market is expected to grow significantly .
 n.c. state coach everett case wanted a souvenir when he cut nets down in 1947 .
richard and mayumi heene to plead guilty friday , lawyers say .
the proposed change would extend osha 's jurisdiction .
asks youtube to remove `` fitna , '' by dutch lawmaker geert wilders .
 last season of `` smash '' had a lot of interesting moments .
house panel has passed 3 education-related bills .
 new : the pakistani taliban claim responsibity for the blast .
it happened during a shiite procession for the holiday of ashura .
the `` war game '' simulated reaction to an israeli strike on iran after u.s. elections .
real madrid 's ronaldo last won the prize back in 2008 .
healthier children attend school more and are more productive as adults .
viewers can expect to see fall colors and delicate jewelry on season 6 , daman said .
the suspect `` appeared to be completely alone , '' casper 's police chief says .
 survey finds 24 % of respondents skip medical care when they 're sick or injured .
 typhoon bopha has so far killed 647 people in the philippines .
wal-mart routinely offers donations in communities where it opens new stores .'
first step is to make kids , parents and faculty feel safe , counselors say .
tracking social media for intelligence clues is a daunting task , cia chief tells senators .
 gawker has removed dunham 's $ 3.7 million book proposal after being contacted by her lawyer .
his death is being investigated as a suicide , medical examiner says .
the clashes started when authorities searched the prison for drugs .'
real boss jose mourinho : `` the league is now impossible . ''
 seat belt use in 2012 reached a high of 86 % , the government 's annual survey shows .
a cyclone warning is issued for australia 's western coast .
he says the french are baffled at american prurience and `` puritanism '' .
 there is an increase in demand for academic courses in islamic finance .
u.s. rep. judy chu , d-california : `` it 's a great step forward '' .
his roommate says roberts had talked about moving to hawaii .
china expands its aerospace industry ambitions .
nicholson demanded robber show him a weapon , then chased him down the street .
 `` i just want justin timberlake to come and talk to me , '' homeless man tells reporters .
the move is seen as retaliation for the magnitsky act , a u.s. law that restricts rights abusers .
she 's allegedly one of the main u.s. operatives for the violent la familia cartel .
 conrad murray 's lawyer argues the trial judge erred by denying him bail while appealing conviction .
the cold snap has killed 83 people , a health official is quoted as saying .
 new : `` never has such a smooth transition taken place before , '' musharraf says .
 city workers in placentia found the backpack in a storm drain , a sheriff 's spokesman says .
school district says there was no indication of a threat to the school .'
indictment said the men arranged sales of helicopters , engine parts for civilian use .
dodge -lrb- steve carell -rrb- , an insurance exec , hits on the idea of finding his first love .
 a grinnell college player broke the record for most points in a game , with 138 .
frankfurt victory leaves them five points adrift of leaders bayern .'
the victims include shia pilgrims traveling to shrines .
no clinics associated with abortion providers can receive any of the money .
 new : the fat duck releases statement on deaths of two chefs .
 samantha michelle nance , 20 , stabbed to death in texas .
hughes was sacked on friday with the club bottom of the premier league .
 `` i am merely one among many who feel duped and angry , '' says author j.k. rowling .
 human rights watch accuses indian police of abuses .
former world no.
 fernando alonso leads drivers ' championship by 24 points from sebastian vettel .
schumacher hoping for good performance in belgian gp at spa .
pedrosa cuts lead on title leader jorge lorenzo to 13 points .
 jenny shipley : rio summit on sustainable development must address population growth .
robin van persie late equalizer for manchester united at west ham .
 new : the oil-drilling barge kulluk has arrived at a harbor off kodiak island .
argentina still claims the territory , which it calls the malvinas .'
the 2 mexicans are charged with killing a u.s. officer and held without bond .
they are serving their two-year prison sentences in a penal colony far from moscow .
it cites prison officials as saying she has `` strained relations '' with other inmates .
new york attorney general eric schneiderman 's office subpoenaed lipa and coned .
 president ernest koroma gets 59 % to avoid a second round of voting .
fox , abc and cbs are struggling in comparison .
the store is in armstrong hometown of austin , texas .
 the opening of willy brandt international airport in berlin is delayed again .
the airport was originally due to open in june 2012 , then october this year .
 `` i 'm so happy , '' says 107-year-old ann nixon cooper .
she said she always hoped she 'd see this day : `` i 'm most excited about it ''
 williams tells seattle tv station komo he 's retiring from stand-up comedy .
new : lohan did n't attend the hearing .
officials shut down escalator service at the station until tuesday .
 ibm is developing computer system to analyze food based on molecules .
hoffenheim have said they had no knowledge of the employee 's actions .
more than 150,000 students in city would be affected by a strike .
 eight people now in custody over the death of dutch volunteer soccer official .
 authorities say proctor attacked six women .
contestant 's lawyer : `` we want this rule eliminated '' .
jonathan gaskamp admits he was with the group during another beating .'
u.n. : 24 somali children killed , 58 injured in october .'
 young actress on `` modern family '' is under temporary guardianship .
madison 's teachers ' local says it will keep protesting monday .
pakistani official : the former president will be promptly arrested upon his return .
carbon dioxide removed from fossil fuels and piped back underground .
rania would like to break stereotypes the west has about arab culture .'
leaders of 565 federally recognized tribes were invited .
ghana voted for a president and parliament on friday and saturday .
 kutcher tweets a riddle with `` two and a half '' as the answer .
industry publications report kutcher on `` two and a half men '' is a done deal .
he appealed original punishment to italian olympic committee .
 `` ripper street '' is a gritty new period drama from the bbc .
obama scores large majority of first-time voters .
 musicians , actors and athletes will be in washington , d.c. this weekend for the inauguration .
with frank sinatra , dean martin , sammy davis jr. , bishop was in rat pack .
as allowed by the constitution , only two presidents chose to `` affirm '' rather than swear their oaths .
 susan wright was sentenced to 25 years for stabbing husband more than 200 times .
a second jury has the option of sentencing her to probation or up to 99 years .
northwest airlines plane lands safely and on time in tampa , florida .
`` moneyball '' gets actor nominations for brad pitt and jonah hill .
a libyan opposition leader is in china for talks .
the libyan pm says the town is back in the government 's control .
 about 800 refugees were heading from libya to lampedusa , italy .
the meeting is about how to address iran 's nuclear program , state media say .
 speculation is swirling over what the first lady will wear to the inaugural ball .
tensions over north korea 's nuclear program began in 1993 .
tuesday , clinton calls women brave , says `` what they are seeking is right ''
algeria will in future recognize the ntc as the government in libya , medelci says .
 prime minister nuri al-maliki cites lack of evidence in the release of ali daqduq .
the pilot project will start with delta and american airlines .'
 barbra streisand sits down for a rare interview with `` piers morgan tonight '' .
his contract extension is the longest to be given to a city player .
 a 1-mile stretch of linden avenue will be named after the civil rights leader .
15 people are still missing after the january 13 shipwreck off the coast of italy .
two u.s. officials say agreement close , but it 's not a done deal .
new : he was questioned at a military headquarters in yangon , a fellow monk says .
he said he purchased crystal meth , but threw it away .
dna testing confirms bones are fossett 's , authorities say .
 whitney houston laid to rest at fairview cemetery .
 police believe same person may be responsible for 13 rapes .
connecticut police say thomas `` has been identified as the east coast rapist '' .
dea spokeswoman confirms the investigation is ongoing .
conficker.c is thought to have infected up to 10 million computers .
 new : panetta says he is honored by the senate 's approval .
 british theater producer david cecil says a magistrate has dismissed the case against him .
 president jacob zuma says mandela looks better .
 former french president jacques chirac convicted on corruption charges .
 new : ernesto is 5 miles from mexico 's gulf coast .
hernandez 's statements to police are not reliable , his attorney says .
the storm gained strength all day and has sustained 105 mph winds .
 ernesto continues to weaken but is expected to become a hurricane again .
 a judge orders berry 's fiance to keep away from her ex , gabriel aubry .
berry and aubry have battled for two years over custody of young nahla .
schools will receive $ 1.8 billion lump-sum payment .
wages up , poverty down , but many poor did n't return .
 new : 10 hours after united flight 497 's emergency landing , the runway was still closed .
 new : warren jeffs loses his phone privileges for now .
officials are investigating whether jeffs preached from prison on christmas day .
colorado city , arizona , police beholden to jeffs , he says .
a state spokeswoman says he was found guilty of making conference calls .
army rejects request , cites druzin 's previous interactions with division .
vanessa adelson : `` it was my responsibility as a mother to bring him home '' .
mace gave his st. christopher medal to fellow soldiers before he died .
the word `` dirty '' will go out of use as the way to say `` unclean '' in 750 years .
a group of former judges and prosecutors side with the doctor .
defense starts case after prosecution rests monday .
 katie couric says she 'll interview manti t'eo and his parents for her talk show .
 manuel pardo , 56 , was convicted of nine murders in the 1980s .
the u.s. embassy in haiti says the results are inconsistent with observers ' findings .
 cameroon fail to qualify for second successive africa cup of nations .
new : all 43 inmates involved were secluded , and the prison remains in lockdown .
jessica chastain , jennifer lawrence in running for best actress .
 obama says he 's `` confident '' the peace process can go forward .
new : the golden seas is expected to reach dutch harbor on tuesday .
the pipeline exploded in san martin texmelucan , mexico .
 new : the alleged abductor of a virginia girl is a suspect in her mother 's murder .
the san francisco district attorney decides not to file charges .
 man arrested over russian nightclub fire in 2009 .
156 people killed when fireworks triggered a fire and panic .
konstantin mrykhin had been wanted in russia over the blaze .'
giordano 's attorney michael lopez urges his release .
she created a `` before i die , i want to ... '' project on new orleans building .
a democratic source lays out possible scenarios .
a resolution would free $ 1.5 million of frozen libyan assets .
 chuck hagel 's nomination could be most contentious of president obama 's second term .
 marcel hirscher wins moscow parallel slalom in season 's second city event .
austrian leads norway 's aksel lund svindal by 214 points in world cup standings .
 austria 's marcel hirscher won sunday 's world cup slalom at kitzbuhel .
 victim arrived in singapore for treatment , hospital says .
four veterans were killed on november 15 in the parade accident .
democrats are calling for investigations into bush officials .
the court has a history of remaining open during bad weather .
 survey finds traveler dissatisfaction with mobile services at airports .
marshall 's estate shares unseen photos in a new book , gallery show and museum exhibit .
tarter listens to the cosmos from a massive telescope array in northern california .
 the world 's largest menorah is lighted in new york .
 protesters wanted the christian man to get a stiffer sentence for blasphemy against islam .
 police in northern spain seize items `` particularly apt '' for use in the nuclear industry .
he says clause in constitution protects him from legal action .
 a man tripped ll cool j 's home security alarm early wednesday , police say .
the investment would be made over the next six years .
anheuser-busch inbev already owns half of grupo modelo .
 stars honor men and women of cia killed in line of duty .
she is serving a 26-year sentence .
 bram stoker 's journal has been found in a home on isle of wight , england .
 max page , 7 , has surgery to correct heart problem .
the chanler in newport , rhode island , is housed in a civil war-era mansion .
pakistan accused indian soldiers of killing one of its soldiers in the disputed kashmir region .
florida attorney general is investigating `` foreclosure mills '' .
 the 2013 africa cup of nations get underway in south africa .
the 27-year-old international has two goals in 16 appearances this season .
villas-boas says bayern is perfect for guardiola to continue his football philosophy .
guardiola won 14 trophies in four seasons as coach of barca before taking year out .'
nguyen quoc quan was originally charged with terrorism .
 dani pedrosa claims victory at aragon gp .
long-time rival wild thing disqualified before start .
 chilean president tells cnn u.s. stimulus is a concern .
sebastian pinera told cnn : `` in economics , you do n't have miracles '' .
 leading f1 teams tell cnn they wo n't pull out of bahrain gp .
 casting sheet calls for an african-american actor , `` nice looking , friendly .
qatar scored an 86th-minute equalizer to advance to the next phase of asian qualifying .
 saleh agreed to transfer power in november .
the city is now `` calm and stable , '' a government official said .
authorities say she violated a temporary restricted airspace .
zimmerman 's lawyers say lester disparaged their client .
balfour was convicted of killing the entertainer 's mother , brother and 7-year-old nephew .
11-year-old carl joseph walker-hoover hanged himself april 6 .
the 2-2 result leaves city nine points behind manchester united with 13 games to play .
rosol , ranked 100 in world , becomes lowest ranked player to beat nadal in grand slam .
the national office of the fraternity says it is investigating the incident .
a pediatrician says at the sentencing hearing `` the entire picture was very shocking '' .
it said its members were often attacked when they intervened .
nadal 's spain crash out as milos raonic puts canada in last eight for the first time .
israel is planning to release more than 1,000 prisoners for the captured soldier .'
glen campbell 's `` goodbye '' grammy performance showed no signs of disability .
with vohman 's help , communities have planted more than 800,000 trees .
 biden and mcconnell lauded for their ability to work together on deal .
local zoo workers scuttle to make sure their lions are caged .
 the state says it 's giving michelle kosilek adequate treatment for her disorder .
a federal judge ruled sept. 6 that sex-change surgery was the only adequate treatment .
 taye diggs chased the burglar after finding him in his garage , police say .
a considerable number of young people in the region are unemployed .
phillip and nancy garrido face trial in the kidnapping of jaycee dugard .
he and his sister were found shot to death in puerto rico .
rufus seder is the inventor of lifetiles and the only artist in the world using them .
the suspect reportedly had a knife , witnesses say in a police report .'
 aksel lund svindal first man to win gold at four successive world championships .
u.s. officials say a new north korean nuclear test could come at any time .
the pentagon alleges the book violates secrecy agreements .
 the palestinian authority and hospital officials say two people were killed .
an arrest at the refugee camp sparked the violence .'
 the city of york says it should be the final resting place for the remains of richard iii .
three political parties are in a bitter power feud .'
 police say 7 militants on motorcycles attacked the parked oil tankers thursday night .
he is likely to appeal the sentence handed down by a milan court .
an amnesty international report says nato airstrikes killed scores of civilians .
james `` whitey '' bulger looks forward to facing charges , attorney says .
at least 46 people died in syria on friday , 17 of them in homs , activists say .
 blue clay used at madrid masters this year has been banned by the atp for all 2013 world tour events .
 google ceo larry page `` lost his voice , '' wo n't be speaking at company 's conference this week .
 republican attorney general files appeal to void judge 's delay .
wisconsin senate democrats contend that the bill 's passage violated open meetings law .
it was snatched from a quebec storage facility between august 2011 and july 2012 .
 police fire tear gas and rubber bullets as they clash with striking miners in rustenberg .
south africa 's mining sector has seen a wave of wildcat strikes and clashes since august .
 some 50 families had to be protected during the manhunt for christopher dorner .
 former planning minister augustin ngirabatware is given 35 years in prison .
some rosewood hotels have hired frangrance butlers .
 `` a good day to die hard '' had a weaker than expected weekend .
sierra traveled alone to istanbul on january 7 , and her body was found saturday .
annan : for democracy to fulfill its potential , we must have fair and credible elections .
he says he can not imagine his rival francois hollande as president .'
 3 army rangers get stuck in tall evergreens while parachuting at joint base lewis-mcchord .
 harry carey jr. appeared in nearly 100 films , many of them westerns .
 beatrice munyenyezi , 43 , was convicted of lying on her naturalization documents .
french defender has been out for nearly a year after a liver transplant .
 jon lord suffered a fatal pulmonary embolism after a long battle with cancer .
 new : broadway 's lights will dim on wednesday at 8 p.m. in tribute to hamlisch .
unseeded italian will now play doubles partner and ` sister ' sara errani .
the attorney says he told giordano to call about the insurance policy .
 champion race horse frankel one of the world 's most sought-after mates .
jurors see video of jackson in his last rehearsal .
73 million sharks are slaughtered each year for their fins .
 pedro gil is one of the greatest roller hockey players in the world .
she was sent to the mayo clinic in minnesota for treatment , tom johnson said .
 mother of hector `` macho '' camacho says her son is n't alive .
many americans are working several part-time jobs to support themselves .
mobile will challenge digital and erode budgets .
construction is to begin next year in a chinese shipyard .
6 tomas berdych has criticized the new time wasting rule .
 maurice sendak dies of complications from a recent stroke .
 new : police identify the suspect as cesar dominguez-garcia , 21 .
 sheriff 's office terminates deputy over comments to newspaper .
islamists call general strike in bangladesh ; dhaka protesters object .
he says supreme court could decide fate of same-sex marriage .
 venezuelan vice president : `` do n't get surprised by the actions we will take '' .
 leon panetta expected to recommend smaller-than-anticipated increases in military pay .
areas added to street view are in 17 countries .
 as apple 's operating system emerges , linux stalls .
raab says it contributes to the historical record of that day .'
he deposed prime minister nawaz sharif in a bloodless coup in 1999 .
 u.n. : fighting escalates in yemen , spills into saudi arabia .
they were convicted in the october 2011 killings of 13 chinese sailors .'
the mooser hotel 's bar is known for its table-dancing , j\xc3\xa4gerbomb-drinking skiers .
he is known as a hardliner who did not agree with president thein sein 's reform agenda .
gill : if birds are in trouble , so are we .
the coast guard says there may be stowaways inside a shipping container .
 government forces are fighting a rebel group in somalia 's capital , mogadishu .
`` we will keep fighting to equality and #civilunions , '' the sponsor tweets .
 gay marriages ca n't occur on military bases in states that have outlawed the practice .
project aims to reduce storm water pollution , air pollution , fallout to the bay , official says .'
he is among 15 prospective candidates rejected by elections officials .
 prison official reverse their decision , let t.i.
 the killing took place at a christian school in northern iraq .
 new : despite rescue efforts , dolphin dies .
jackson 's mother and children accuse the concert promoter of contributing to the death .
murray has not testified under oath in jackson 's 2009 death .
 alexandra cousteau is continuing the legacy of her famous family .
a prisoner group says it has been invited to work on the project .
 spain 's unemployment rate for the last quarter was the highest ever , official figures show .
the hollywood foreign press association does n't mind rewarding the brits .
benedict said a pope is obligated to resign if he ca n't handle duties .
prosecutor luis moreno-ocampo will visit victims , tour areas hardest hit by violence .
both will be closed because of high levels in rio grande .
dust storms affect 400 million people in china each year .
the north korean leader is known to be a huge basketball fan .
 loyda rodriguez says her 2-year-old daughter was kidnapped .
 manchester united go 15 points clear at top of english premier league .
south korea is the second-largest importer of beef from the united states .
`` it 's really got to stop , '' oakland mayor says .
 results show fischer is not the father of a filipino girl .
 new : police report describes difficulty in investigating hazing allegations .
moore was struck by the machine while falling down the landing hill .'
the real estate mogul recently has been playing up his wealth and business acumen .
he is the most successful skipper in test history and cricket 's second-highest run scorer .
1 djokovic in the final of the u.s. open last september .
wal-mart , c&a and other brands placed orders with factory .
 black bear enters a tent and bites a teenage boy in the leg .
wildlife officials kill the bear due to its apparent aggressiveness .
tornado watch lifted for arkansas but remains for mississippi .
white house oks two more drones for libya .
the order does not ground the fleet .
the r&a and usga announce changes in joint statement .
the german will replace sergio perez , who is joining mclaren .
 prosecutors seized about $ 30 million in transactions last month over money-laundering fears .
pope benedict xvi is standing by the head of the bank , the vatican says .
she suffered a heart attack after her workout friday .
 paul mcginley named european ryder cup captain for 2014 clash in scotland .
 robin van persie and ryan giggs score in manchester united 's 2-0 win over everton .
2 in the world rankings after slipping out of top 50 last year .
janney played c.j.
australia trail by just six runs with seven wickets left .
the event in chile was nadal 's first for seven months after a knee injury .
cars running on air are expected to be on sale in the u.s. and india by 2010 .
mehdi kazemi says he will face persecution in his homeland .'
mario balotelli scores again for ac milan in genoa win .'
 new york attorney general says alleged operation in manhattan is broken up .
the supreme court ordered the election documents not be destroyed .
gov.
the puppet versions of the cast were previewed at paleyfest on tuesday .
livingstone agreed to advise chavez in exchange for # 14 million fuel discount .
he now faces three counts of criminally negligent homicide .
chavez , venezuelan media have had a turbulent relationship .
bayern announce a ` spectacular ' new signing only to reveal a facebook gimmick .
 tea party favorite ted cruz won the texas gop senate primary runoff tuesday .
 new : workers removed concrete plug before discovery .
 enya 's new album is `` and winter came '' .
the united states believes one of `` most dangerous al qaeda commanders '' was killed .
the rebel military chief is killed in benghazi .
u.s. state department spokesman calls temporary closings a precaution .
 elias abuelazam , 33 , is in custody in atlanta , georgia , in connection with five killings .
he was recently treated for a lung infection and gallstones .'
supporters believe voters should decide issue ; opponents say it would block abortion in most cases .
dogfighting a felony in 48 states , a misdemeanor in idaho and wyoming .
 new : more rain , flooding forecast for sunday .
the country has been part of the coalition effort in afghanistan for more than a decade .
propane tanks and a pipe bomb were found , officials say .
 mali , once hailed as a model of democracy , is a time bomb .
it is the first of 10 albums to be sold over the next 7 years .
the opposition says the government is using vacuum and cluster bombs .
shells and bombs are thundering in and around damascus , the opposition says .
in serie a , udinese and roma play out 1-1 draw .'
the attacks may have been politically motivated , foreign minister says .
rescuers have accounted for 149 bodies , but many are not identifiable .
 talks to be held ` in the near future , ' state department official says .
 at least 31 people are killed in bomb blasts across pakistan , police say .
some people in port said have long resented cairo .'
passengers should file complaints if they feel harassed , agency blogger says .
 ahmadinejad 's advisor on the arts was speaking to a hollywood delegation .
 cnn goes to hollywood to get to grips with traveling in style .
then-attorney general alberto gonzales ultimately resigned .
 muqtada al-sadr issues letter to american troops .
u.s. navy sending ship from bahrain to replace uss guardian .
chase sapphire preferred is best for globetrotters .
 archdiocese says it has `` accepted responsibility '' for misconduct of former priest michael baker .
at least 48 same-sex divorces , which are hard to track , have been reported .
 china announces arrests in the death of british businessman neil heywood .
a timing device triggered the 150 kilograms of explosives , police say .
cambridge university academics assessed data from 58,000 facebook users .
the channel will be called life + times , an offshoot of his website .
the life + times channel is just jay-z 's latest brand expansion .
a human rights group says her final verdict now is expected on august 21 .'
many in town are part of yazidi religious sect , mainly kurdish minority .
canadian authorities say he shot a man in the head in august 1997 .
 one deputy u.s. marshal was killed in the shooting .
 florida 's department of children and families says it had `` prior involvement '' with the family .
 new eco-surfboard made with over 50 percent renewable materials .
 new : peter lanza has claimed adam lanza 's body , a family spokesman says .
new : the spokesman says the body was claimed thursday .
the lapd cleared the officer and recommended that dorner be dismissed .
money went to two detective agencies in spain .
 new : andy coulson is taking legal action against news corp. , his lawyer says .
the two are suspects in the killing of a transgender woman .'
tevez , who left united at the end of last season , heads winner in the 65th minute .'
 police release video footage of two officers hit by car during london riots .
pakistan says cameron does n't understand the facts .
 large british delegation visits china to talk trade .
the victim was threatened with being buried alive , the fbi says .
walt disney company denounced north korea 's use of mickey mouse in 2012 .
nye says the u.s. has unmatched expertise in landing spacecraft on other planets .
the service is part of a lawsuit settlement against transunion .
ai : china 's one-party system is inhuman , stands against weight of civilization .
 lawsuit claims sharon stone called the maid crazy and stupid .
in 1950s , italy was europe 's `` emerging economy '' and a pioneering center for design .
 authorities say jordan brown , then 11 , shot and kiled his father 's pregnant girlfriend in 2009 .
10-time grand slam winner nadal has won 18 of the pair 's 28 matches .
olympic champion lindsey vonn crashes out .
chinese officials say there are no state-sponsored hacking attacks on western companies .
`` we are working very hard to relieve the situation , '' says french interior minister .
the biggest headache is norwegian rats , which can grow to 16 inches .'
 constitutional scholar laurence tribe said sotomayor could have a `` negative impact '' .
former van halen singer sammy hagar among the guests .
humaiya campaigns against child marriage and is active with world vision .
 gregg lohman `` is not just my drummer , he is family , '' pickler says .
the gun was discovered by tsa officers at atlanta airport .
china and the united states agree a rocket launch would be destabilizing .
boeing `` confident '' flight tests can be performed safely .
 several movies and tv shows have featured the state of the union address .
 suspect identified in vandalism of picasso painting in houston .
 official : girls at school newly named after the teen said they were afraid .
 inter milan charged with `` racist behavior '' by european soccer 's ruling body .
egyptians can vote in a referendum on the proposed constitution on december 15 .
he says `` an apology '' is needed for turkey 's `` friendship '' with israel to continue .
 kelly marcel is known for work on `` saving mr. banks '' and `` terra nova '' .
the walter isaacson book is based on more than 40 interviews with jobs .
owner and handler suspect cruz , a samoyed , was poisoned .
 chicago 's mayor told hadiya pendleton 's family about two being questioned , police say .
dive into history at the national world war ii museum .
stepp : birth control lowers teen pregnancy rate , which means fewer abortions .'
juan martin del potro shocks roger federer in basel atp final .
forecasters expect irene to become a hurricane by monday .
israel , u.s. should support palestinian move for nonmember state status at the u.n. , he says .
luzhkov was a political asset for russia 's ruling party .
tags will let scientists track the two sharks .'
he asks to be transferred to the international criminal court in the hague .
 house armed services panel question chief investigators in fort hood shootings .
knox will give a `` full and unflinching account '' of her ordeal , the publisher says .
 new : knox 's family issues statement praising the `` proclamation of her innocence '' .
 louis saha 's goal for everton the quickest in fa cup final history at 25 seconds .
ferrari 's fernando alonso fourth fastest , with lewis hamilton ninth .
 harold `` jim '' nicholson will be sentenced tuesday , again , for espionage .
he admitted continuing his covert activities while imprisoned in oregon .
few atms accept foreign cards , so you should take travelers ' checks .
gay domain extension .
heavy snow , `` gusty northwest winds '' to hit parts of south dakota .
storms could be among area 's 10 worst since 1940s .
court rules international agreements trump au policies .
cnn correspondent kyung lah has lived and worked in tokyo for two years .
rob morrison : `` i need to put all of my time and energy '' into doing right by family .
the 25-year-old has been selected in the individual 400 and 4x400m relay .
maureen o'connor was the first woman mayor of san diego , serving from 1986 to 1992 .
 africa cup of nations kicks off on 19 january .
a judge rules he can be extradited , but sedaghatzadeh plans to apply to be released .
 city put up $ 1 million reward in dorner case .
others have `` bipolar depression , '' which includes manic episodes .
$ 6 trillion added `` in just one term , '' paul says .
 he was one of brazil 's geniuses , the nation 's president says .
the friday indictment pertains to an august 7 attack in toledo .'
there have been no reports of violence or injuries , betheny herr adds .'
the navy is awaiting the arrival of a crane ship .
despite flooding , fargo mayor says , `` we 're in good shape today ''
donors provided the charitable fund with over $ 5 million for aurora 's victims .
second law enforcement officer is in fair condition .
officials are concerned about the loss of wetlands across the state .
conservative blogger andrew breitbart wants an investigation .
obeidallah : in time , redneck shows will pass and hollywood will focus on other groups .
there are signs beijing will stick to its policy of `` reactive assertiveness '' .
china 's leaders are meeting at the national people 's congress in beijing .
penguin needed `` gentle encouragement '' to slide into the southern ocean waters sunday .
two tickets -- sold in idaho and washington -- matched all six numbers .
the 31-year-old did n't leave the house for two days after first round french open defeat .
the trevor project takes the calls of lgbtq youth in crisis and those who care about them .
pm julia gillard says queen elizabeth should be australia 's last monarch .
phillips is the son of princess anne and 11th in line to the throne .'
cain tells a newspaper he gave the woman money to help her out .
 three american hikers were detained last week by iranian officials .
beck : biden can connect with voters there , he 's an old-school democrat .
the blogger is the administrator of a facebook page about local violence .
tapes were held by attorney of charles `` tex '' watson , a follower of charles manson .
no witnesses have identified marvin norwood at the crime scene , prosecutor says .
rusty brown 's sister myra gale brown was 13 when lewis married her .
 mitt romney meets with billionaire sheldon adelson in las vegas .
 authorities are working to see if suspect is linked to the killing of colorado 's prison chief .
 two italian sailors face trial in india in connection with the killings of 2 indian fishermen .
patrick dempsey , other investors want to purchase them .
he visits brigham young university , where mitt romney graduated in 1971 .
 bersani 's center-left alliance leads berlusconi 's center-right alliance in polls .
robert jeffress recently called mormonism `` a cult '' .
 two forsyth county , north carolina , residents objected to board meeting prayers .
 protest organizer : the government has agreed to most of our demands .
two suicide bombings in a shiite neighborhood in quetta killed 85 on thursday .
atletico madrid and real betis both progress to last eight of competition .'
bhupathi still plays doubles on the tour but is also agent to other tennis pros .
80 % of the world 's refugees are in developing countries , with pakistan leading .
 the family of ki suck han sues new york 's transit authority for unspecified amount .
han was pushed onto subway tracks and hit by a train in december .
the justice department will examine possible price gouging .
facebook announces a new service to let internet users help translate sites .'
police looking for motive in illinois church attack that killed pastor .
the screenings began saturday ; by monday , nearly 1,000 patients had been tested .
dr. w. scott harrington has surrendered his dental license .'
 new : state will not receive additional federal aid .
denies federer a seventh title in the end of season showpiece .'
the northern limit line was drawn in 1953 .
the crash occurred after 1 a.m. near ridgeville , south carolina .
 a slow year for video games will pick up at e3 next week .
the u.s. secret service is investigating the incident .
 elizabeth alexander will be fourth poet to read at an inauguration .
antigua 's hermitage bay is a paragon of privacy and sclusion .
 new : u.s. fighter jet crashes in south korea ; pilot safely ejects .
 prime minister david cameron thanks the troops : `` you make our country proud '' .
 new : britain 's queen elizabeth ii is now out of king edward vii 's hospital .
a private inquiry has found evidence of police misconduct .
 `` angry birds '' makes its debut on facebook .
 a man attempts to tear down the `` tent of dreams '' tarp ; protesters stop him .
 consider whether the app requires network coverage .
the $ 6 million event may be reduced to 54 holes for the second year in a row .
 stacy lewis is the new women 's world no.
1 yani tseng had topped the rankings for 109 weeks .
chinese football has been hit by high-profile match-fixing scandals .
 survey finds 24 % of respondents skip medical care when they 're sick or injured .
an investigation into the poet 's 1973 death began in june .
 yoselyn ortega was charged with stabbing to death two children in her care .
nearly two dozen players took part in the saints ' `` bounty '' program , goodell says .
 young actress on `` modern family '' is under temporary guardianship .
 league 's board of governors oks deal ; now players will vote .
u.s. star has won three of four giant slaloms so far this season .
the singer is heading out on tour with mary j. blige .
`` our characters are always on the knife 's edge , '' mazzara says .
 all blacks drawn with argentina and tonga in draw for 2015 rugby world cup .
last year 's runners-up france will take on ireland and italy in group d .
 a man dies after setting himself afire in alexandria .
or runners can opt for guaranteed entry into an upcoming race .'
 brandi fernandez has worked for kaufman county for nine years .
former u.s. presidents and hillary clinton are among those invited to the service .
reforms opened country up economically to the outside world .
 faa says a problem with attach pins could cause pilots to lose control of aircraft .
 a bbc reporter posed as a student to get into north korea .
the london school of economics said he put its students on the trip in danger .
but lse officials say they were n't given enough information .
browne represented ted bundy and the `` barefoot bandit '' .
japan 's march deficit was y362bn , or about us$ 3.7 bn .
 authorities have not named former kaufman county official a suspect in da 's death .
eric williams was arrested over the weekend after a search of his home .
the man doused himself in petrol and set himself on fire near a shrine .
 at least 78 people are killed and 180 wounded , police say .
last year was the warmest year ever for the contiguous united states .
 an appeals court says the government is immune from the lawsuit .
candidates tied at sentences per paragraph and letters per word .
`` it makes you wonder how safe we all are , '' watertown resident says .
 musharraf appears in court and then returns to his residence .
israel 's pm netanyahu blasts iran and hezbollah , saying they are behind the attack .
bullock plays an fbi agent working with a boston cop , played by melissa mccarthy .
 scarlett johansson stars as free-spirited cristina in `` vicky cristina barcelona '' .
 accused terrorist said he was tortured into saying iraqis trained al qaeda operatives .
white-out conditions are expected , weather service says .
 prime minister jose luis rodriguez zapatero convenes a cabinet meeting monday .
china 's state-run media acknowledges distrust over official smog data .
beijing 's weather has compounded the problem in recent days .
china says its companies did not sell arms to libya .
a 2013 trial date may be set at the next hearing in november , the judge says .
 e-waste imported from the west is sold in local electronics stores in nigeria .
 `` pain & gain '' is not your usual michael bay fare .
it has been rebuilt and is being taken over by palestinian national music conservatory .
defending champions andy murray and serena williams welcome the changes .
 gym which generates electricity from workouts installed in uk city .
 gloria borger : health care reform is always tough to accomplish .
new : he 's in fair condition at a baton rouge hospital ; 2 are critical , 1 is serious .
those with mobile devices used twitter for real-time information on gas lines .'
 the average nationwide gasoline price is down 7 cents over 2 weeks , a survey says .
superstorm sandy cut into demand , while crude oil prices declined .
 new : an anti-abortion campaign group says the government 's reassurances are `` misleading '' .
 kora master toumani diabate is one of africa 's most famous musicians .
the pilot of the helicopter was taken to a hospital ; he is not considered a suspect .'
 the camera takes photos in 0.7 seconds , has 8 megapixels and uses an f/2 .0 lens .
 huffington post is starting a german edition in september .
 3 officers , including a deputy police chief , are killed in a roadside bombing .
sprint will reportedly get the iphone next month .
court .
nba 's jason collins gets presidential a high-five .
new : they say evidence in the case has been sealed .
in december , the council voted to fly the union jack only on certain days .
they are accused of killing five members of a family of settlers .
sid ganis , president of the academy : `` it was thrilling to be in iran '' .
11th giro stage victory for the flying manxman .
 author malcolm gladwell : in time , `` people will have forgotten steve jobs '' .
tamerlan tsarnaev 's death certificate says he was doa , `` dead on arrival '' .
there has long been tense ties between port said and cairo .
only a small portion of plane cabin air is recycled .
he got stranded , he said , and climbed onto the tarmac at kennedy airport .
judge rules that blood bags and samples will not be handed over .
it 's the first u.s. effort for director kim jee-woon .
 no winner of this year 's prize for achievement in african leadership .
 the woman devised a plan to inseminate her oldest daughter .
follows french open 's lead which gave first-round losers a 20 % boost and prize of $ 23,670 .
serena williams and sloane stephens into fourth round in women 's draw .
no.
 nra executive rallies supporters ; says `` we will never surrender our guns '' .
phi alpha tau members launch an online drive to pay for collins ' surgery .
government believes f1 brings `` significant benefits '' to country .
travel warning by spanish government withdrawn too late .
title rival fernando alonso will start race eighth on grid after romain grosjean 's penalty .
`` threadless '' lets it users design t-shirts and vote for the best ones .
 young palestinian 's death from breast cancer inspires first commercial animation .
 buckingham palace will project the art installation from april 19-21 .
they want prime minister ali zeidan to be dismissed , leader says .
leaders of armed protests have their own agenda , analyst says .'
 manti te'o is picked 38th -- the 6th pick of the second round -- in the nfl draft .
 nilay patel : 2013 is the year of refinement and reckoning in the tech industry .
 `` operation fast and furious '' involved more than 2,000 guns , sources tell cnn .
murray 's clinic was being evicted , home in foreclosure when hired as jackson 's doctor .
new : youtube blocks the video in libya and egypt .
restrictions will apply to travelers , the airport says .
 senate passes bill suspending federal debt ceiling until may 19 .
 running mate of raila odinga says transmission system a failure .
researcher says page told him about identifying with neo-nazis .
obama includes a partial weapons ban in his package of gun measures .
 new : nadya suleman files for bankruptcy monday .
the gunmen were dressed in swat-style uniforms , authorities said .
fbi does n't specifically track bias crimes against the group .
 the `` defeat jihad '' ad is displayed in several new york subway stations .
legoland florida 's manager is optimistic that the park will succeed .
 ali haider gilani kidnapped in deadly attack in punjab province , brother says .
it says organized crime groups are involved in distributing the illicit drugs .
 at least 54 people are killed saturday , activists say .
syria says its military killed terrorists who were attacking orchards .
turkey formally requests patriot missiles from nato .'
 new : four of at least 27 people killed are children , police say .
a bab amr resident asks for international support .
 thanksgiving ticket prices are up compared to last year .
u.s. defense secretary gates has said reconciliation talks are possible .
 the flight crashed june 1 , 2009 in the atlantic ocean .
qantas ceo alan joyce says the new partnership will benefit frequent flyers .
many in okinawa object to the presence of the u.s. base .'
samuel mullet sr. makes $ 2 million on an oil-and-gas deal .
congress has been unable to bring down medicare costs .'
 barcelona will play bayern munich in the euroepan champions league semifinals .
 class-action suit revolved around raids of homes in new york .
 new : anthony hopkins denied bail at initial court appearance .
authorities have said there is no connection between dykes and the boy .'
 nypd searches for person who set fire to 11 mezuzahs .
the device was seized abroad , and the plot was discovered before it threatened any airliners .'
 the carnival dream is experiencing problems , passengers say .
 new : stabbing suspect dylan quick waives right to court appearance thursday .
evan ebel is suspected of killing colorado prisons chief tom clements .
 english students get assignment from albany , new york , teacher .
 chinese amateur guan tianlang plays back nine of augusta with tiger woods .
the naming is set for june 13 in southampton , england .
 an opposition group reports 132 new deaths around syria .
stokkoya sjosenter is an architectural landmark on the coast of norway .
the storm leaves snow in the north-central and northeastern u.s.'
two pledges treated for severe burns in tulane fraternity hazing , police say .
bayern munich eased past juventus 2-0 in turin .
house panel looking into how the couple attended state dinner in november .
mingo county sheriff walter '' eugene '' crum was killed wednesday .
 nicaragua 's tourism industry is a big part of the economy .
 carroll was questioned about her work with allied veterans of the world .
 athletes sport patriotic nail art at 2012 london olympics .
enthusiasts say nail art is fun way to support athletes , feel connection to games .'
abbasi davani , the head of iran atomic agency , survived a bomb that iran blamed on israel .
among the dead is the pastor , a military official said .
newtown strong 's facebook post says all of them are safe .
 `` marta '' was 12 when she came to the u.s. illegally to find her mother .
lovato will be a judge on the reality show 's third season .
bachchan : indian audiences demanding movies with `` greater meaning '' .
the target shows a faceless black hoodie with skittles and iced tea .
 copy of bay psalm book is set for auction in november .
party like a pirate in st. augustine , the oldest city in the nation .
a new york woman was arrested and charged with stalking actor hugh jackman .
obama says he is trying to make a statement by ending trip in turkey .
obama on first state visit to largely muslim nation .
sollecito says former girlfriend amanda knox is `` a sweet girl '' .
he says countries like canada and australia have policies that promote their economies .
a judge rejects prosecution requests for more dna testing and to call more witnesses .
 focus turns to truck spotted in pyongyan military parade .
north korea has staged similar attacks in the past , expert says .
the queen 's husband will remain hospitalized for a few days , buckingham palace says .
victim 's daughter wants `` justice to be served ''
 the queen , prince philip and catherine visit baker street station .
their visit is part of celebrations to mark 150 years of the london underground .
 phaser rifle used by william shatner in a `` star trek '' pilot sells at an auction for $ 231,000 .
 michelle obama delivers personal touch at convention 's first night .
 hospital admits mistake in sending body to laundry .
minnesota hospital says it is deeply sorry .
pope benedict xvi has described africa as a `` spiritual lung '' for humanity .
new : tropical storm could deluge already soaked areas with 20 inches of rain .
he entered a plea of not guilty to a charge of assaulting a minor .
the 2 sailors face trial in india in connection with the killing of 2 indian fishermen .
india 's supreme court allowed the italians to leave india on condition they would return .
iran calls a meeting about the syrian crisis a success .'
she became an activist and volunteer with her high school 's robotics team .
 cnn surveyed 64 iowa gop political insiders days before the historic caucuses .
at issue are operations at 168 air traffic towers staffed by contractors .
he was convicted on five corruption charges and found not guilty on five others .
 sales of the wizard of oz song `` ding dong the witch is dead '' have soared .
she 's visited iraq 21 times and flown in an f-15 over afghanistan .
report said lohan used `` very creative excuses '' for missed sessions .
 after being closed for hours following the accident , all lanes of interstae 10 reopened .
the store says it will sell the necklace at auction .'
the quake struck about 70 miles from the city of chengdu in sichuan .'
reports say protests against bahrain rulers and the f1 race continued into saturday morning .
latino groups will monitor police for racial profiling , as sought by courts .
witness says rockets fell close to a rebel command center .
runners joined a 30-second start-line silence in tribute to the boston bombing .
 obama says he 'd strike down california prohibition , but `` i 'm not a judge '' .
cte can only be diagnosed after death .
 a cruise line employee has not been seen since tuesday .
nigeria is major oil exporter , but most in niger delta live on less than $ 2 a day .
 doctors are treating pro football player donte stallworth for severe burns , his lawyer says .
 kite boarder alexandre caizergues , of france , holds the world sailing speed record .
barcelona 's lionel messi second on the list ahead of cristiano ronaldo .
1 beat rafael nadal in the longest grand slam final in tennis history .
in japan there are more than 300 annual cases of `` death from overwork ''
oecd warns that high debt levels pose an `` exceptional challenge ''
 new : u.s. authorities warn citizens to avoid an area of yangon amid tensions .
they include 2 counts of steroid possession and 1 of wrongfully consuming alcohol .
 ` idol 's ' return ratings have dropped in the past few years .
u.s. attorney 's office says officials accepted bribes of up to $ 17,500 .
`` high school musical '' star corbin bleu : `` broadway is the true test of an actor ''
fareed zakaria says america 's failure to solve its budget problem hurts international image .
 william and catherine announced their impending arrival in december .
bentley : jones part of country 's `` greatest generation . ''
nightclub .
top trends : superstorm sandy , whitney houston .
a neighbor calls deputies about bieber tuesday morning .
 a woman known as beatriz is pregnant and suffering from illnesses .
mexico 's president says his administration is committed to fighting organized crime .
 nicolas maduro is sworn in as venezuela 's president .
the opposition candidate has called for a recount ; election officials auditing results .
they are accused of plotting to kill two brothers who are lawmakers .
the document , which dates back to mid-2010 , has been removed since its discovery .
 more than $ 1 billion later , u.s. officially recognizes somalia .
7 south koreans remain at the inter-korean complex .'
construction crews were scheduled to bring up final two sections monday .
north korea says the rocket will carry a working satellite into orbit .
the pakistani taliban took responsibility for blasts that killed 8 on sunday .
he was released early saturday , coming ashore in a philippine port .
the three children will live with him , according to quezada .'
 ` g.i.
tyler perry 's `` temptation '' did not do as well as his former films .
some female pilots wear hijabs , others go without the muslim headdress .'
 don price restores military airplanes as a way to connect with his father .
 `` the walking dead '' third season resumes sunday .
 new : .
ten of the artists at the latest auction were aged 30 or under .
the $ 6.6 million tournament will include defending champion jason dufner .'
 kenneth williams and michael ward are accused of killing hadiya pendleton , 15 .
police said ward confessed to killing the teen in a case of mistaken identity .
 prosecutors say pervez musharraf did n't adequately protect benazir bhutto , assassinated in 2007 .
a military official says about 149 people are still missing .
with it was a photograph , dated 1918 , showing two small children with a bear .
efforts by airport staff to trace the owners of the bear have so far failed .
 only a few copies of the final printed encyclopedia britannica are left , the company says .
lindsay lohan agrees to go to rehab and wo n't go to jail .
it struck mexico 's pacific coast , in the state of michoacan .
 the boat two siblings were on sank on sunday off the coast of saint lucia .
former doubles partners azarenka and kirilenko set for quarterfinal clash .'
attacks on shiites are high in the province bordering afghanistan .
artist 's work combines arabic calligraphy and street art to form his distinctive `` calligraffiti '' .
in 1977 , boxer muhammad ali visited and had his marriage blessed in the mosque .
a tokyo court finds that richard hinds strangled nicola furlong .
hinds , 19 , is sentenced to up to 10 years in prison , the maximum for a juvenile .
syrian opposition group reports deaths .
 new : authorities release google 's president in brazil after arrest .
chilton 's deal means there will be four british drivers on the f1 grid in 2013 .
this despite national polls that show 90 % support background checks .
pablo sandoval hit home runs in his first three at-bats .
miroslav klose , lukas podolski and thomas muller -lrb- 2 -rrb- score for germany .
 the attack targeted a militant 's compound , officials say .
by contrast , men from those countries can confer their nationality on their families .
 oussama diab is a palestinian artist living in damascus .
 ime visits qatar to explore the country 's transformation from desert state to a world capital .
`` fast & furious 6 '' earned an estimated more than $ 120 million .
mario chalmers finishes with 19 points for the heat .
the cause is the recent conflict in the region between israel and hamas .
a major exhibition of syrian political art is currently on display in amsterdam .
mayor ron huldai says high cost of housing is a sign of tel aviv 's success .
some nigerian movies are now winning budgets of millions of dollars .
insiders say that audiences can relate to the movies ' stories .
 tony newman : cigarettes kill 400,000 americans a year .
 dylan michael patton was arrested at his home tuesday .
 rafia ghubash spent five years working on middle east 's first women 's museum .
she won the stirling prize for her iconic media center at lord 's cricket ground .
urry : cuts in travel budgets mean many federal scientists told to stay home .
he says atf let guns `` walk '' into mexico to track cartels and they turned up at crime scenes .
 the poughkeepsie-highland rr bridge is now the longest elevated pedestrian bridge .
will return to action at epsom derby meeting friday .'
the sentence includes 11 years for manslaughter , 10 for using firearm .
the former archbishop , david hope , says he followed church policy as it was at the time .
but activists say women 's rights have fallen off the agenda after the uprising .
protesters primarily voiced opposition over appointment of new chief executive .
a larger fragment may be under the frozen surface of the lake , scientists say .
now , three witnesses have recanted those statements made to police .
spotted by two hikers in dense bushland near his home .
 cnn posed questions for readers via a facebook app .
only family members being flown out as of now .
no warships left at base in yokosuka , japan .'
daylight saving started sunday at 2 a.m. and runs through the first sunday in november .
 hollywood beauty insiders give up their trade secrets .
a fire that was in the mountains comes roaring down into the city .
 man holding a lighter , douses himself with petrol , charges police officer .
capriles lost to chavez last year ; maduro is the late president 's hand-picked successor .
state broadcaster ert will air only until a new media group is created .
fears prompt evacuation of terminal , baggage claim at memphis airport .
elmer and assange are fighting swiss banking secrecy .'
she says dictatorship is used as a tool for enslaving women .
initiative arises from pilot 's overturned sexual assault conviction .
the mourning concerns kim jong il , the north korea leader who died last month .
the vote is taking place as part of sutter 's new change the list project .
 eu commissioner olli rehn says uk need not `` threaten '' to leave european union .
 president obama enjoys a round of golf with world no.
the boarding school uses basketball as a vehicle to empower senegal 's youth .
legislators question the fbi handling of bombing suspect tamerlan tsarnaev .
nearly 30 percent of americans have variant , according to study .'
the syrian national council has a plan for building a transitional government before elections .
 brandon l. baxter , a.k.a.
some states have filed lawsuits related to the ticket brokering .'
enterprise people are leaders that like to see projects through to the finish .'
and i 'm home .
 jorge lorenzo closes to within seven points of motogp leader dani pedrosa .
 test results were negative for human remains .
saturday is `` show your mettle day , '' when amputees are encouraged to reveal prosthetics .
 the president of libya 's parliament says around 50 people are arrested .
witherspoon asks the trooper .
mugabe has been much criticized for human rights abuses .
u.s. diplomats are talking with egypt authorities about the filmmaker , a spokesman says .
 the decision to audit votes comes after sunday 's tight presidential election .
$ 250 million was redirected from other funds for repairs , army officials say .
rosa maria paya says her father died sunday in granma province in a car accident .
 deborah hoffman discovered a corridor in houston , texas , where dogs are abandoned .
with the cardinals inside , the doors to the sistine chapel close as the conclave starts .
 ayatollah ali khamenei : obama 's recent remarks are positive .
 the recall affects almost 200,000 santa fe suvs and more than 22,000 sedans .
 viral warning about my birthday calendar on facebook are false .
chile 's felipe aguilar bows out after the third hole of the playoff .
 at least 47 people were killed and scores were wounded in the bombings .
 the irs is under scrutiny for its treatment of applications for tax-exempt status .
 new : rosie crum is sworn in as mingo county sheriff , replacing her late husband .
other human rights groups have called for the race to be canceled .
she points to christina applegate as another actress who 's maintained her path .
david rudisha of kenya breaks his own world record in the men 's 800m .
 a ruling on the copyright to superman was decided in part by facebook ruling .
 four attacks take place on wednesday , killing three workers .
the turbulence occurred as the aruba-to-miami flight was landing .
british media regulators are studying the findings `` with interest '' .
news international `` wished to buy silence '' over phone hacking , the report says .
 before the crash , an announcer said the wing walker was `` on top of the world '' .
the jury is costing the state an estimated $ 361,000 .'
ratan tata has no children .
 turkish prime minister addresses arab foreign ministers in cairo .
some former prisons , such as hostel celica , sweden , now converted into hotels .
 u.s. holocaust memorial museum has been on a 20th anniversary four-city tour .
 watch hippos and crocodiles along the chobe river between botswana and namibia .
 manchester city sack mancini for failing to ` achieve club 's stated aims ' .
some products do n't contain advertised amount of supplement .
 ashley alexandra dupre says she posed nude after being plied with alcohol .
`` girls gone wild '' founder says his company is n't worried .
the crash was the result of electrical problems in the plane , state police say .
hermine triggers flooding and road closures in san antonio .
allred insists john doe plaintiffs called her .
michael elliott : the gains the world has made in fighting poverty are in jeopardy .
president obama calls for government-private sector partnerships for infrastructure .
the taliban is likely to push for the release of guantanamo detainees .'
 scores of insurgents killed in clashes with afghan and coalition forces .
it is his first official visit since 2004 , the harvard crimson says .'
scientists say plastic collects in large `` garbage patches '' in oceans .
police : the sandwiches were left in a box with a label saying they were a present to be eaten .
the somali interior minister was not with the delegation , his office says .
he 'll portray cora 's playboy brother harold .
assailants stopped cab , law enforcement official says .'
real 's value increased by 76 % over the past year to stand at $ 3.3 billion .
two bartenders at a bar where malcolm shabazz had been drinking are arrested .
king : democrats are trying to build `` another monolithic voting bloc '' .
balfour , found guilty on all counts , will be sentenced to life without parole .
 30-year-old fazliddin kurbanov is arrested in boise , idaho .
they settled the election by flipping a coin , which is permitted by the election body .
 james `` whitey '' bulger faces 19 counts of murder .
bats can get tangled in some modern roofing insulation .
a naturalized australian citizen , zentai has maintained his innocence .
prince saud abdulaziz bin nasser al saud was found guilty tuesday by british court .
jane campion is the only female director to win palme d'or , for `` the piano '' .
 restaurant chain gives away signature grand slam breakfast for eight hours .
the sober czech teenager hit his head and eventually slipped into a coma and died weeks later .
blurry video shows van whose driver police are looking for .
today , kagame is president of rwanda and insists hutus and tutsis reconcile .'
tampa bay rays pitcher alex cobb is hit on the right ear during a game .
`` god is her judge , and he set her free , '' cindy anthony said .
 leslie elder died at 63 without health coverage .
birds live on remote gough island in southern atlantic .
 polybrominated diphenyl ethers are structurally similar to pcbs .
a palace spokesman said he was doing well after abdominal surgery .
the site is viewed as sacred by the dongria kondh tribe .
 michael dotro , 35 , has been released after a hearing ; family provided $ 2 million for bail .
he is said to have confessed to multiple murders and did not know any of his victims .'
 lawyer norman siegel says `` a bunch of people '' have contacted his team .
eunice huthart served as angelina jolie 's body double .
but actually researching the job is more important , experts say .
 prosecutors allege ladislaus csizsik-csatary was `` actively involved in '' deporting jews .
video shows syrian children bleeding in a filthy makeshift clinic .'
 the waldo canyon fire destroyed 346 homes .
jewell .
dwayne johnson will star in the tentatively titled `` the hero '' .
 texas teenager goes on his first alligator hunt .
 godfrey mwampembwa , better known as gado , is kenya 's best-known cartoonist .
mark on card indicates it was recently sold , antiques dealers say .
earlier , officials said 2 vacationers got hantavirus after visiting yosemite .
dean , whitman : support legislation that encourages small donor matching fund system .
pippen was cooperative during questioning , a sheriff 's lieutenant says .
crash occurs as plane tries to land at airport , official says .'
 selma blair has parted ways with `` anger management '' .
rafael nadal wins the madrid men 's title for the third time .
a judge says her son , 11 , should be eligible for adult lungs .
the abbey has been the site of the coronation of english kings and queens since 1066 .'
 rusty the red panda got out of national zoo 's panda exhibit this week .
police looking for motive in illinois church attack that killed pastor .
the average price of a gallon of u.s. regular was $ 3.71 on friday .
 new : park officials have no plans to kill the bear , saying it was `` not predatory '' .
the couple surprised the grizzly and her cubs , yellowstone park officials say .
 iggy pop is touring europe with his band the stooges .
martin : florida and other states have been prompted to revisit stand your ground laws .
 michael adebolajo , 28 , has been charged with the murder of a british soldier .
 study published in lancet analyzed more than 124,000 in-vitro fertilization cycles .
one expert disagrees : `` there are limitations of the study that concern me ''
investigators do n't know why esteban smith was in texas , the official says .
creators say vessel behaves like a boat below water and a plane above it .
 uefa reduces tickets prices for the 2013 european champions league final .
the cheapest available ticket when the final was last held at wembley in 2011 cost # 150 .
the military wants a constitutional reform plan in 10 days , ghonim says .
new : interim syrian opposition alliance leader ghassan hitto meets with rebels in aleppo .
 the soft-cover `` harry potter and the philosopher 's stone '' is one of 200 copies .
del potro overcame knee injury to beat david ferrer 6-2 6-4 7-6 .'
f1 drivers have threatened to boycott german gp in a row over tires .
 rampage at san ysidro , california , mcdonald 's killed 21 .
daryl impey takes over in yellow jersey from teammate simon gerrans .
windsor never thought she would be grand marshal of pride parade at 84 .
`` the most important thing is having a last name , '' the dna analyst says .
 protesters stage cemetery on rio beaches with mannequins as victims of violence .
 green day 's lead singer billie joe armstrong is getting help for substance abuse , the band says .
the announcement comes after armstrong 's on-stage meltdown in las vegas .
the results of four south africa friendlies ahead of 2010 world cup pre-arranged .
the number surpasses last year 's killings .
 chavismo is the political movement that backed hugo chavez .
 feds file a civil forfeiture complaint to close a marijuana dispensary in berkeley .
he says he is not a racist or a murderer .
 washington mutual 's alan fishman got about $ 20 million for 17 days of work .
he says do n't even think about retrieving luggage while evacuating .
bill cosby was a victim in an attempted extortion plan for $ 40 million in 1997 .
he meets with afghan president hamid karzai at the presidential palace in kabul .
the auditor says the newspaper report is `` exceedingly misleading '' .
hours after the bombing , he tweeted `` stay safe '' .
airports in china have the worst record for timely take-offs .'
 justice department review looked at shootings involving police .
she also fights to protect widows ' rights in malawi .
 a marine is facing dismissal for his anti-obama posts on facebook .
 sen. obama discusses former pastor with cnn 's anderson cooper .
lawmakers in new zealand and uruguay are the latest to back same-sex marriage .
attorney general mukasey : checks must be accurate and complete to be effective .
the bag believed to jared lee loughner 's was transferred to fbi custody for further analysis .
 muhammad ismail tells cnn how he killed his wife , her mother and her sister .
 mom : girl swallowed magnets from her polly pocket toy in 2005 .
 he has crying fits and has asked to die , prosecutors said .
increased traffic is generating 16 million pounds of carbon , the bay area council says .
deutsche bank is soliciting the money of spaniards as the spanish government struggles .
vargas-perez ' lawyer says his client is only charged with robbery .
 the two sides had been in the midst of settlement talks .
arpaio : `` this will not happen , not on my watch ! ''
the wildlife will be returned to peru .'
 portugal 's rui costa wins 16th stage of tour de france .
the author says , `` i stand by the information conveyed in my book '' .
the suspect , trey foster , was arrested in plano , texas .
brin : sopa and pipa would have restricted user access to the web .
singly offers data lockers that developers will use for personalized apps .
transcanada claims that the 1,700-mile pipeline will be safe and secure .
 rep. dale kildee is retiring from congress after 18 terms .
boeing says the company is confident that the planes are safe .
lavish uk craftsman stuart hughes was contacted by chinese businessman .
the state senate approved the measure 26-12 wednesday .
 google announces changes to its privacy policy .
the newspaper 's journalists accused officials of heavy-handed censorship .
rebels blame government forces for bringing it down .
about 100 people who had been aboard the ship are still believed to be missing .'
iran , russia and hezbollah condemn the attack .
sources say the airstrike hit a convoy hauling missile parts .
the french senate approved the controversial legislation 127-86 .
the spice girls appearance at the closing ceremony prompted more chatter than any event .'
ryan has already won more playoff games than any other jets coach .
media reports friday claimed the magazine had released new , more revealing images .
the attorney general will seek to change ` arcane ' law .
 cnn 's piers morgan interviews justice antonin scalia .
three people are dead and two are critically injured .
the company 's italo service has been nicknamed the `` ferrari train '' .
 townsend farms recalls organic antioxidant blend containing frozen fruit .
a winter storm wreaks havoc on new mexico .'
also out is jose m. miyar barrueco , who was fidel castro 's personal secretary .
south korea also would like to hold talks on denuclearization .
 cuba 's last communist party congress was in 1997 .
he works for france 24 , which reports he is being held prisoner .
it is not clear if the site is ready for a launch , the u.s. official says .
a planet with four suns was identified by citizen scientists .
keep discussions simple and reassuring ; bin laden was bad and was punished .
they were plaintiffs in the lawsuit before the u.s. supreme court .
 prince philip walked out of a london hospital unaided .
gu and a family aide are accused in the murder of a british businessman .
she is the wife of disgraced communist party figure bo xilai .'
livestrong has distanced itself from armstrong and forged its own identity , charity expert says .
 new : president dilma rousseff says she will meet with protest leaders .
new : in a televised address , she warned she will not tolerate violence .
 cuba to let u.s. doctor examine alan gross , 64 , a jailed state department contractor .
 reputed mob leader ` whitey ' bulger is charged in 19 deaths .
gucci mane is now wanted for aggravated assault .'
she worked at ms. for 20 years .
he was president of marylebone cricket club from 2010-2011 .
 creature effects artist stuart freeborn fashioned yoda in his own image .
it attributes the cause of the failings to japan 's culture of `` reflexive obedience '' .
 apple 's app store arrived five years ago .
the new model could be ready by this summer .
the company has filed for a patent for an `` eye scroll '' feature .
wong worked at google for eight years handling censorship issues .
 facebook is unveiling a redesigned news feed at an event thursday morning .
 microsoft previewed the latest changes to its windows 8.1 operating system .
 testimony in 11th day in hearing on giving john hinckley more freedoms .
`` dead space 3 '' is the most anticipated horror game of 2013 .
 at the consumer electronics show , there are 210 companies in the digital health area .
 apple typically puts its products on sale on black friday .
 the grant will help support counseling and training programs .
lyudmila putin says she does n't like to be in public .
children ca n't harm their eyes by sitting close to tv , but can get headaches .
 the u.s. supreme court rules on two same-sex marriage cases .
manhattan 's violent past is explored in lyndsay faye 's `` the gods of gotham '' .
tours dedicated to fictional detective john rebus start at the character 's favorite pub .
no request has been made by iran for waships to cross the canal .
hawaiian businesses benefit from president obama 's attention .
the all nippon test flight took off from tokyo 's haneda airport , airline officials say .
 education expert sugata mitra received $ 1 million ted prize .
he sees a deepening divide between the super-rich and the middle class .
 the united states and mexico sign an agreement to cooperate on energy development .
the words : `` fat '' and `` weave . ''
coursesmart provides electronic books and monitors students ' work for professors .
not this time .
mary ?
he says even the cubs won a world series , and susan lucci won an emmy .
 the justice department is considering whether to pursue a civil rights case .
 the president says the aim is to make socialism `` irreversible '' .
 new cruise ship regulations are possible .
martin : in two-thirds of the `` i have a dream '' speech , king focused on economic issues .
conservatives first backed a private health care mandate in the 1990s .
bergen : does nato have a plan b ?
 new : a party spokesman says suu kyi has won .
olympic games in london later this year could be `` symbolic target , '' says gohel .
boucher : we need to encourage more companies to do antibiotic research and development .'
 ecuador seems willing to consider giving asylum to edward snowden .
it was his first trip outside havana since falling ill in 2006 .
one photograph can sometimes tell an entire story .'
 jaycee dugard was just 11 when she was abducted .
her memoir , `` a stolen life , '' is due in stores on tuesday .
you can donate to their causes through google , which is waiving all transaction fees .'
justices first will address questions of legal standing in both appeals .
 court to rule on defense of marriage act -lrb- doma -rrb- .
the legislation cleared the house of lords on monday .
last four cars of train derailed , the railway company says .
militants attack a paramilitary checkpoint , killing six constabulary members .
 former lover of billionaire nina wang , peter chan , sentenced to 12 years ' jail for forgery .
the bombing is the latest in series of attacks in somalia 's capital .
sudan blames the attack on rebels aided by south sudan .
 the judge says the world trade center developers were trying to `` double dip '' .
he pleaded guilty tuesday , the suffolk county prosecutor 's office said .
he admitted letting between 80 to 165 people illegally cross into the u.s.  guerrero worked the midnight shift at several ports of entry in texas .
authorities : ortiz was in car with hernandez , lloyd before lloyd was killed .
new : she underwent a second transplant 3 days .
a joint u.s.-u.n. program distributes antiretrovirals to pregnant women .
 message-sharing app snapchat rolls out snapkidz .
your best means of protection is getting a flu shot .
 official : asiana flight 214 was traveling slower than was recommended .
17 jerseys .
there were texts that were not passed on with the alert .
in a planned lawsuit , families want to hold the long island power authority responsible .
armstrong apologizes to cancer foundation workers for their stress .'
world anti-doping agency calls on armstrong to testify .
passengers to receive refunds , reimbursement for lost possessions .
many images from houla are too disturbing for cnn 's audience .
 facebook has replaced default e-mail addresses with its own @facebook .
if you have a facebook account , the company values you at $ 4.84 a year .
osbourne says he 's uncomfortable with legacy as godfather of heavy metal .
authorities fear it could spread and have evacuated thousands of people .'
 ericson core will direct the remake of kathryn bigelow 's `` point break '' .
81 % of 18 - to 29-year-olds are on social networking sites , pew says .
 the elton john aids foundation has raised more than $ 150 million .
he was arrested in new york and waived extradition to maricopa county , arizona .'
mexican authorities say x-ray equipment detected 94 migrants hidden in a truck .
a photo of the skit posted on cnn 's ireport went viral .
 nasa 's grail-b space probe slipped into lunar orbit sunday afternoon .
a french human rights group says it has confirmed a number of executions by malian forces .
 turn-based strategy games are reminiscent of board games .
 an army recruiter shoots a recruit , 17 , and then himself , police say .
 new : aeg live lawyer denies any connection between sex claim and death trial .
 olympian oscar pistorius is due in court tuesday .
the parents of mauled carlos sousa : there will be `` no more christmas '' .
the incident occurred in a restaurant in 2009 when filner was a congressman .
clinton says she disagrees with ferraro 's comments .
 new : investigator : manning 's computer had secret documents and videos .
he is remembered for his rolling stone profile of gen. stanley mcchrystal .
 former president pervez musharraf is accused of abrogating the constitution .
the opposition party allege widespread irregularities .'
a species of trilobite -- an extinct fossil arthropod -- was named after jagger .'
state laws vary on whether schools can stock epinephrine .'
website owners did n't respond or could be reached for comment .
coach : `` this behavior is ... not representative of our football program ''
the virginia facility has withdrawn from the plan for unknown reasons .
a source close to the actress says she 's doing great .
 the state cites 23 violations of regulations at a clinic in asheville .
the four men escaped in a gray-colored vehicle , police said .'
her `` canyons '' director wrote that she is more talented than marilyn monroe .
 makaziwe mandela : `` all i pray for as a daughter is that the transition is smooth '' .
 official says boeing and lockheed martin have been eliminated .
1 court .
1 tennis players at wimbledon .
volvo ocean race stopped in abu dhabi for the first time .
 more films were made in the palestinian territories in 2008 then ever before .
italian football federation launches investigation into incident .'
sebastian vettel completed 96 laps after pot-hole delay .
motor races could not be held without marshals .'
kimi raikkonen finishes in second place in his lotus .
he and his wife abducted jaycee dugard in 1991 and held her 18 years .
 new `` couch '' will combine two seats and have 14 inches of extra legroom .
 a task force finds that some immigrants are claiming to be cuban .
some psychologists say patients might distance themselves from avatar .
 torrential rains have flooded parts of southwestern pakistan .
puppet comedy program spoofs nadal , cyclist alberto contador and footballer iker casillas .
 april 17 blast in texas town killed 15 people .
 new : helicopters heard above pakistan 's capital , islamabad .
indiana ca n't slap a `` blanket ban '' on social media for sex offenders , court finds .
 silvana lima is the only brazilian on the women 's surfing world tour .
 lawyers for four detainees at guantanamo bay file a federal lawsuit .
 characters in `` lego the lord of the rings '' deliver real lines from the movies .
 the cnn panel -- hosted by richard quest -- was split on whether europe 's manufacturing sector was in trouble .
u.s. soldier killed by bomb ; 6 insurgents killed in raids , u.s. military says .'
 bezzi 's youth brass band was set up in one of south africa 's poorest regions .
 dancer-choreographer jin xing had china 's first officially recognized sex change operation in 1996 .
reputed mob boss bulger is charged with 19 murders .
mount sinabung was inactive for more than 400 years .
fireworks shoot sideways in simi valley , california , a witness says .
hammami , 28 , is from alabama , but believed to be in somalia now , the fbi says .
air force scientist may revolutionize travel .
 fire at the main kenyan airport this week destroyed the international terminal .
 brazil is working to regain control of rio 's slums .
he was hidden in the trunk of car .
melissa boyle mahle was a covert operative for 16 years .
hewitt and hallisay are co-stars on lifetime 's `` the client list '' .
 ceo : accusations that a company bugged ecuador 's embassy are `` completely untrue '' .
president obama has rejected characterizations of snowden as a whistle-blower .
venezuelan president nicolas maduro was sworn in april 19 .
the corrie family 's attorney says they intend to appeal .
 two missiles are fired at a vehicle , killing four suspected militants .
lightning strikes at a venezuelan refinery , sparking a fire .
jones took to twitter to voice his displeasure .
a court grants him conditional release ; the driver must report weekly .
world governing body recommends use of helmets .
new : food stamps cover more than 47 million people ; participation up sharply .'
ahmed shot both hostages as police stormed the building they were in .
`` we do n't have to have the past dictate our future , '' davis said when he announced his bid .
 paterno son says more information will come out later .
it 's not clear when the complex will reopen .
opposition leader tony abbott has fared worst , praising a female candidate 's `` sex appeal '' .
after being suspended for 65 games , braun apologized and said , `` i 'm not perfect ''
the whiteboards use technology developed to protect police , military .
`` i have no regrets , '' kessler says .
asia and africa could benefit the most from such jobs , report co-author says .
u.s. state department warns commercial drivers in thailand `` commonly consume alcohol , amphetamines '' .
he says miss california is being criticized for expressing her beliefs .
nine-time rally world champion sebastian loeb runs a competing team .'
 pepsi 's `` pepsi special '' contains dietary fibers that help lower cholesterol and digestion .
log cabin republicans want enforcement of `` do n't ask , do n't tell '' suspended .
two other victims have been reunited with families , but not michelle knight .
authorities are sealing areas that they have searched for evidence .'
resilience is something most people can develop , psychologists say .
thompson : as artist , it 's `` when you 're out on the rim that you have the best view ''
 marina and kevin krim say child is expected this fall , about a year after children 's deaths .
 taesha benson was a perfect match for boyfriend travis spire-sweet .
 japan 's abandoned hashima island was the inspiration for the villain 's lair in `` skyfall '' .
 new : police found holes in ventilation pipes below room where three died , official says .
boy , 10 , fires gun after one assailant drops it .'
pastor eddie long drops plans to attend florida pastor 's installation .
 police report : jennifer capriati had a run-in with an ex-boyfriend at a florida gym .
 apparent tachycardia , or rapid heart rate , struck while the band was rehearsing .
cornell graduate zac manchester will launch his crowd-funded micro satellite project in december .'
 pistorius will appear in court on august 19 over the killing of his girlfriend .
japanese animation is roughly a $ 2 billion a year industry .
about 100 people with the muslim brotherhood were arrested tuesday .
similar demonstrations take place in other european cities .
 a texas prosecutor was killed in january ; a district attorney , his wife slain 2 months later .
 `` the wolverine '' scored on friday .
 new : the wife wanted another baby , a neighbor says .
robert ferrante pleads not guilty at arraignment in pennsylvania .
analysts say pharmaceutical spending will rise to $ 30 billion by 2016 .
 violence at south african mines creating uncertainty in the industry .
women comprise 8 % of republican house caucus ; 29 % of democratic membership .
a safety panel said almost half of the deaths were in mumbai .
 the u.s. senate confirms power by a 87-10 vote .
 woman sues airline over landing in new york .
boeing 737 's nose gear collapsed .
 the new windows 8 operating system is available after midnight thursday .
wildfires burn in los angeles area and new mexico .
australia 's foreign minister called for a `` re-run ''
the measure extends bush tax cuts to all , along with jobless benefits .'
international maritime bureau says attacks in area spiked to 15 in march .'
hernandez is accused of killing odin lloyd in june ; he has pleaded not guilty .
 australians will go to the polls on september 7 .
bradley was breanna during some online chats , agent testifies .
 foster kids currently age out of health coverage at 18 .
 samsung expected to announce wristwatch-sized smartphone september 4 .
 mississippi river faces possible traffic disruptions .
obama says she is not fearful for her husband 's safety while campaigning .
 mayor bloomberg of new york city plans to ban sale of large sugary drinks .
`` florida red tide '' is concentrated along southwest florida .
 latino civil rights group criticized for silence by rush limbaugh .
 the center of the storm should cross the coast early monday .
virginia commonwealth university studies `` no-smoke tobacco '' devices .
van der sloot was sentenced to 28 years in prison in peru for a murder there .
his wife and son accompany wilson on visits to mona foundation schools .
 `` i just need you to help me get my rest , '' michael jackson tells anesthesiologist .
officials : the fires were started within a 2-square mile area within a 5-hour span .
another top muslim brotherhood official is arrested .
 north koreans are enthusiastic beer drinkers .
heist turned herself in to police in florida as a missing person .
peta : this is the first lawsuit seeking constitutional protection against slavery for non-humans .
 halle berry announced in april that she is expecting a baby with olivier martinez .
friday he had a vad implanted , family spokesman said .
rabha elis bandas set up a group to help sudanese farmers with supplies .
he does n't speak english anymore and now speaks only swedish .
 security for pope francis has been raised to `` high risk '' .
 with a kidnapping reported , authorities in bulgaria searched for an american named kate .
michelle obama was seated between the two at inauguration luncheon on monday .
1 album .
played alongside slovakia 's daniela hantuchova in 6-1 6-1 victory .
the hong kong government has recently opened up a portion of the closed area to the public .
 the study looked at 300 pairs of swedish twins .
hutchison joined army at age 19 , served in vietnam .
a police diver has found a car with a body inside believed to be monette , police say .
the limo had to be towed and a second limo brought in for obama .
 new : fires have burned more than 312,00 acres in texas .
obama campaign wants to tie story to other attacks on romney 's character .
the purported hit man was an informant , according to court papers .
 frida ghitis : in the latest israel-hamas conflict , iran is a key player .
ghitis : iran 's nuclear program serves as powerful psychological backdrop .
bowe bergdahl to be released , official says .
 fire destroys revered 200-year-old sufi shrine in kashmir 's capital .
could save oil companies money and reduce costs of clean up .
 facebook celebrates 1 billion users with new video .
schwarzkopf once told larry king that he hated war .
breno hopes to relaunch his player career when he is released from prison .
winning starts in italy for new coaches at inter , napoli and roma .
 the boy slips away from his mother at a shopping center and ends up on a plane .
the sign is down .
the united states requested the largest amount of information .
`` each day , she gets stronger , '' her father says .
 report : north korea launches long-range rocket wednesday .
 `` it 's about heart and determination at this point , '' lebron james says .
he says he will wear his signature headband for the final game .
the book , `` self-inflicted wounds , '' was inspired by tyler 's podcast , `` girl on guy '' .
the north carolina town is the birthplace of andy griffith , who died tuesday .
the bill would ban most abortions after 20 weeks of pregnancy .
each side needs to look forward , stop arguing over who 's to blame , she says .
 aaron schaffhausen killed his three daughters , ages 5 to 11 , last year .
she was sentenced to be stoned to death .
head of sustainability for the games , david stubbs says there 's been `` a huge emphasis on reuse and recycling '' .
pakistani president asif ali zardari went `` to see for himself the health condition of ms. malala '' .
 actress america ferrera writes an open letter to girls of the world .'
former garbage dump transformed into largest urban garden in the country .
a photo of a surfing dolphin picture won overall prize .
sit-ins called a `` threat to national security '' .
campaign to turn ship into centerpiece of arts festival .'
new retrospective book , `` the world of peyton , '' will be last .
 bruce dunning worked at cbs news for 35 years .
 germond 's wife says he died peacefully wednesday .
the los angeles lakers won 10 nba titles under his ownership .
nadal winning his 12th grand slam title .
arsenal beat tottenham 1-0 in the north london derby after a goal from olivier giroud .'
moukarzel teams up with local photograher carl-johan utsi , a member of the indigenous sami people .
all the taliban attackers are killed by afghan and nato forces , an official says .
snow falls on debris in west liberty , kentucky .
 syria 's assad regime is accused of using chemical weapons on civilians .
florida estimates up to 100,000 pythons live in the everglades .'
horner has led red bull to three straight f1 constructors ' titles .
 a bus was carrying members of king family after ` dream ' speech ceremony .
socially aware rappers on rise because `` people want to feel better , be inspired ''
 stefano domenicali denies a rift with ferrari driver fernando alonso .
ferrari team principal domenicali also rejects claims he is not up to the task .
alonso is second in the drivers ' standings , 46 points behind sebastian vettel .
 three freshmen allegedly assaulted at sports camp .
 u.s. report says more than 1,400 people killed in august 21 damascus-area attack .
`` call of duty elite '' will have a free stat-tracking component and a paid service .
 delta has added a spending requirement to elite frequent flier status .
wolff was three seconds off the pace of sebastian vettel 's leading lap time for red bull .
`` this is a sham .
badu was filming a music video in the march 17 incident .
the winner chose the up-front cash option and will net about $ 151 million .
 british media report that martha stewart denied visa because of criminal convictions .
chairman of martha stewart living says she `` loves '' uk , hopes situation is resolved .
 lake is mile from connecticut home of hernandez 's uncle .
the district bans too-short cheerleader skirts during classroom hours .
the former prime minister was convicted of tax evasion last october .
 a lesbian couple sued the department of veterans affairs last year .
 58-year-old trucker-turned-lawyer helps victims of domestic violence .
 two suspects face attempted murder charges in shooting at caracas strip club .
some female pilots wear hijabs , others go without the muslim headdress .'
new : grenada , cyprus get first medals ever .
 a former fbi agent testifies about james `` whitey '' bulger 's role in a 1982 homicide .
the agent apologizes to the victim 's family for his role in tipping off bulger .
dozens protest in city .
fifa 's ethics committee says no further action is planned .
raikkonen 's manager said lotus `` holds the key '' to the finn 's future .
new york knicks ' lin has taken the nba by storm , scoring a record amount of points .
 ryang yong-gi is a japan-born footballer who represents north korea .
fenerbahce and besiktas are both banned from competing due to match-fixing .
equipment may have exposed eight patients in new hampshire , five in massachusetts .
hernandez currently facing murder charge in death of odin lloyd .
 bruce ahlswede surprised to find snake in starbucks bathroom .
will team up with reigning world champion sebastian vettel .
 new : the syrian national council cheers the arab league 's decision .
it 's been developed by grad students at virginia tech 's college of engineering .
flight 473 from los angeles to seattle was diverted to portland , oregon .
first officer took over the flight , the airline says .'
city also bid for dimitar berbatov , but bulgarian opted to join manchester utd .'
 the america 's cup will feature a new design of boat , a catamaran with hydrofoils .
district judge g. todd baugh has scheduled the hearing for friday .
nelson mandela 's legacy `` will last for a long time , '' bush says .
 top baby names searched on parenting.com include isabella and jacob .
 a judge rules trent mays should be classified as a sex offender .
mays and ma ` lik richmond , high school football players , were convicted in march .
new : castro will deliver a statement explaining his life , the sister says .
officials determined the organ donor had rabies .
mckinney will be returned to u.s. in three days , embassy says .
 airport spas offer a range of short and longer treatments .
swalwell says the institution could use ' a serious technological upgrade ' .
 since his illness , castro has written regular `` reflection '' newspaper commentaries .
 scores of cyclospora cases have been reported in iowa , nebraska .
heinz 's first enterprise .
p.t.
 kathleen savio was found dead in her bathtub in 2004 .
designers have their own visions of the perfect smart watch .
shafia family guilty of ontario `` honor murders '' .
mbeki succeeded mandela as president ; he thinks `` madiba will go back home ''
`` he was as great a gentleman as he was a fighter , '' the hall 's director says .
fernando alonso finishes second for ferrari .
one student is from burkina faso , the other from burundi .
violence for those with autism spectrum disorders is not planned , expert says .'
democrats say a gop resolution threatens lerner 's constitutional rights .
he was convicted in absentia in 2009 of abducting terrorism suspect .
many were unable to complete race this year .
 california republican has requested $ 50,000 for a mule museum .
democrats have vowed to make earmark process more transparent .
 south africa 's sand dunes have been supporting a thriving ecosystem for centuries .
 unesco names al zubarah as qatar 's first world heritage site .
 53 people are injured , lebanon 's health minister reports .
what are the objectives ?
new : police say it 's a big break in the case .
 new : judge stanwood duval says corps deserves blame for role in the flooding .
duval rules 1928 law shields the federal government from liability over flood controls .
the policy covers same-sex spouses of americans and foreigners .
new : typhoon soulik made landfall in china on saturday .
world bank member and fortune 500 companies are also testing it .'
excessive heat warnings extend from northern california to arizona and beyond .
human rights watch : prosecution aims `` to silence a leader and messenger '' .
abdi farah shirdon was named pm in october .'
police say the suicide bomber disguised himself as a laborer .
liberty island , home of the statue of liberty , will reopen july 4 after sandy repairs .
 aeg live 's john meglin disputed an estimate of how much michael jackson could 've earned .
house republicans implore obama to negotiate .
in 2003 , a grand jury convicted michael peterson of murdering his wife .
he recently learned wreckage from the plane had been found .
some places in minnesota and wisconsin still under flooding warnings .
 prince william and catherine greet members of the public at the start of an ultramarathon .
`` maher has been at the forefront of the most brutal fighting , '' analyst says .
 william darelle smith went on trial in 2010 for first-degree murder .
chris froome retains yellow jersey and extends lead to three minutes 25 seconds .
brian schweitzer decides he wo n't run for senate .
 the united states is selling $ 5.3 billion worth of arms to taiwan .
the united states made a $ 6 billion arms sale to taiwan in 2010 .'
 new gmail tool allows sharing of files up to 10 gb .
 judge richard cebull has apologized for forwarding the e-mail .
 fbi says `` sovereign citizens '' do n't recognize most government authority .
china is involved in territorial disputes with several of its neighbors .
 ermen benitez tells cnn en espa\xc3\x83 \xc2\xb1 ol the family is awaiting medical reports .
 new : battle lasted 12 hours as hundreds of militants fired on outpost , official says .
in one city , inmates can pedal bikes that produce clean energy .
 new : texas will appeal the decision to the supreme court .
 sen. sam brownback cites document he says is from chinese agency .
team of puppeteers on and off stage control kong 's movements .
an immigrant talks about his release .
syrian tv reports israel has targeted the jamraya area .
he went fishing sunday in northern michigan , had n't been seen since .
it warns of `` grave '' measures if pyongyang rejects the offer .
neither the government nor the rebels trust shiites in syria .
heinz kerry 's symptoms `` consistent with some sort of seizure , '' source says .
the storm is expected to cross the lesser antilles by tuesday .
 41-year-old cyclist wins tour of spain .
 the khalidiya neighborhood of homs has been a rebel stronghold for about a year .
 new : power outages fall to about 1.7 million in five states .
 actress and co-star had been dating monteith for about a year .
ron paul , rick santorum plan big spending in south carolina .
uci president pat mcquaid insists his organization not to blame .
 vice looks at the practice of bride kidnapping in kygyzstan .
north dakota 's badlands differ from those in south dakota in age and appearance .
check out hemingway 's home -- and cats -- in key west .
 facebook proposes to end its users ' right to vote on changes to site policies .
 new : seventy-four cases have been identified , cambodia 's ministry of health says .
children can search the beaches of cape cod for prehistoric horseshoe crabs .'
rent an abe lincoln-style log cabin in grant county , kentucky .
the station says she mentioned her concerns in early june .
the body of bride lindsey stewart was recovered saturday .
 the local police chief was talking with rebels when he was abducted .
think of a tweet as a `` tap on the shoulder '' and cultivate consistent online persona .
 new : the u.s. state department is `` disappointed '' by the decision .
in japan , shark fin is sold by herbalists , and is believed to promote well-being .
 two medical aircraft crash on wednesday , one in iowa , the other in oklahoma .
bulger `` just kept shooting '' brian halloran in a may 1982 homicide , weeks says .
 casting call for airline ad disallows dark-skinned participants .
 security experts warn wi-fi users to be more vigilant against hackers .
`` cosby show 's '' huxtables are the '80s tv family you most want to adopt you .
suspected leader of cell taken into custody in spanish enclave of ceuta on morocco coast .
police have not confirmed that a body found recently is that of christian .
 dystopic `` divergent '' is said to be the next `` hunger games '' .
alec baldwin has been involved with the camp for about 20 years .
wizarding world of harry potter in japan to feature replicas of hogwarts and hogsmeade village .
 kim jong un visited troops who participated in the shelling of yeonpyeong , state media reports .
original cloth paintings not for sale ; were rendered onto canvas now on exhibition .
he posted a video of his nephew with a fake grenade launcher on phoenix streets .
new : mayor michael bloomberg , who introduced measure , calls vote `` right choice '' .
`` record heat '' is expected in western nevada , where fire precautions are in place .
the bodies were headed to the state medical examiner for identification .
koirala made his announcement thursday to the constituent assembly .
the two parties also have to reach an agreement over raising the debt ceiling .
the 10th buffalo chicken wing festival drew visitors from all 50 states , over 39 countries .
in catalan , ona means `` wave '' and carbonell says she feels better inside the water than out .
report : 23 percent of habitat has disappeared ; 60 percent of giant pandas affected .
 dr. regina benjamin is a rural family physician .
olivia newton-john and her husband were not at the property at the time .
gerardo martino 's team top on goal difference from atletico madrid .
the princess and her husband are among 18 people arrested .
gov.
 the merged american airlines-us airways would be the world 's largest airline .
 kaitlyn hunt faces felony charges from her relationship with a female classmate .
original lawsuits were filed when overcrowding was at 202 % of capacity .
 kimi raikkonen has been a model of consistency for lotus this season .
police make 51 arrests in ostia , near the capital , rome .
 `` i am not my father , '' ariel anthony castro writes in the cleveland plain dealer .
 razer calls its new product `` a tablet , a pc and a console '' .
a storm warning is issued for parts of the florida coast .
usda says the products may be contaminated with e. coli .
 new : opponents are `` trying to scare and discourage people , '' obama says .
she makes comments just before bill clinton and president obama hold panel talk .
the company denies electronics are responsible for sudden acceleration .'
he thanks las vegas police for an `` amazing helicopter private tour '' .
 four wildfires burn in yellowstone in the wyoming section .
the european court of human rights ruled that germany was entitled to ban incest .
within 24 hours , a response comes in the form of a text .
the first neonatal exam reveals mei xiang 's panda cub is healthy .
 ashton , iranian diplomat met monday .
hassan rouhani , iran 's president , says : `` end unhealthy rivalries ''
`` we have no desire to be governed by argentina , '' falklands lawmakers say .
obama says he worked five hours for rezko , bought land from him .
they will take place at the mount kumgang resort .'
 one direction 's zayn malik got engaged on sunday .
she had been diagnosed with dementia and was deemed unfit to stand trial .
 introducing ac72 -- the new america 's cup yacht .
luo meizhen 's claims to be 127 were not officially recognized internationally .
 malaysian police say more than 1,600 people were arrested .
tragedy threatens to renew debate over mandatory pilot retirement age .
gifts were at tim hortons restaurants across canada .
it 's being carried aloft by the biggest rocket in the u.s. inventory .
hasbro says black and silver easy-bake oven has been in the works for the 18 months .'
 charmaine jackson has gone from 260 to 130 pounds in five years .
he is currently filming `` x-men : days of future past ''
 police say they 're arrested a 58-year-old woman in the national cathedral incident .
mitchell : most players named in report chose not to meet with him .
 anti-communist purges across indonesia sparked by failed coup on september 30 , 1965 .
 new : amnesty international welcomes ruling , says it shows that no one is above the law .
state has refused to expand medicaid and has not set up its own health care marketplace .'
`` there 's human waste all over the floor , '' one passenger says .
vertu ceo : `` gold is a colour that is always in demand ''
 annie dookhan was a state chemist in massachusetts for nine years .
the worst attack kills 16 people in samarra .
explosion happened at about 11:30 a.m. sunday at kleen power plant in middletown , connecticut .
 new : details emerge on how woman died last week on texas giant roller coaster .
four other people are treated for injuries , police say .
cameron said he would form coalition with liberal democrats .
 tropical storm karen has sustained winds of 40 mph .
 fisherman describes a 6-foot wave near the new jersey coast .
scientists are studying what caused the waves , the national weather service says .'
at 23 , noor daoud is first arab woman to race on the international circuit in dubai , japan and poland .
 the killing occurred wednesday night near the san francisco stadium .
president barack obama said he will not negotiate with congress on debt ceiling .
six investigators have been charged with his death , official indictment papers say .
her alleged victim is a 30-year-old kenyan woman who worked for her , police say .
consumers paid more for vehicles due to price fixing on parts , the justice department said .'
 world-record signing unveiled by spanish giants at news conference in madrid .
 soldiers sent to peshawar 's central prison , intelligence source says .
michelle knight remains hospitalized in cleveland .
kissinger served under nixon , ford ; shared 1973 nobel prize .'
exchange rates have had an impact on the value of all the grand slams .
idea came after she was denied visa to travel to u.s. hacker school .
 athlete-mom-coach needed coaching herself on organizing her home office .
south carolina attorney general notes much of the law will go into effect .
a media coalition , including cnn , has pushed for records to be released .
sightings of the royal family are possible for visitors to the estate .
wikileaks says the e-mails come from different government ministries .
simpson shot six-under 64 to move one clear of henrik stenson .
 karun chandhok confident indian grand prix has a future in formula one .
 new : officer died after bomb detonates in oregon bank .
new : ambassadors at the u.n. call a briefing `` horrifying ' and `` unbearable '' .
flies close to the speed of sound and carries 18 people .
some said the criticism was unjustified , as the white actor was the film 's best known .
 damon harris , a former member of the temptations , was battling prostate cancer .
dallas cowboys owner jerry jones says summerall was `` royalty in the broadcast booth '' .
 derrick estell might be in dallas county , missouri , a deputy says .
oracle team usa are the defending champions of the elite sailing trophy .
one attack was in yobe province , the other in borno state .
republicans differ with democrats on how to pay for a one-year extension .'
third seed andy murray beaten by tomas berdych .
former playboy model died of drug intoxication in 2007 .
lenku : there are no missing persons reports ; red cross said 59 are missing .
 aeg live 's consultant testifies michael jackson 's estate waived its conflict of interest .
 the priests in same-sex unions must remain celibate .
 new : the case would be against a homeowner 's association , says attorney daryl parks .
national guard troops are deployed in kentucky , others are ready in indiana .
bus carried senior adult church members .
 somalia 's prime minister orders an investigation into the alleged rape of a somali woman .
investigators are looking for the source of the salmonella outbreak .
heavy snow has paralyzed istanbul , with 39 turkish airlines flights canceled .'
the mavi marmara was the ship on which the nine died in the israeli raid .
another , larger flotilla is planned for the last week of june .'
lon snowden says his son did what he knew was right .
he was on approved leave from the school in providence , rhode island .
 a man brings the severed head of his daughter to a police outpost in india .
sara left her village to live with her aunt so she could attend school .
 construction workers digging a tunnel in london have found about 20 roman-era skulls .
turkey 's interior minister : `` there was no police intervention '' and he `` fell from a high place '' .
it had suspended operations at the industrial zone in april during tensions .
 syrian rebels say iranian drones are guiding government attacks .
u.s. citizen , andrew pochter , was killed in knife attack june 28 .
 dozens killed in connecticut elementary school shooting .
 new : up to 11,000 displaced by quake ; survivors huddle in tents , cars .
 new : the officer who hit the woman is lt. jonathan josey , a police spokeswoman says .
there were reports of minor shaking , but no damage or injuries .
u.s. authorities are yet to issue an arrest warrant for the 29-year-old leaker .
waldo canyon fire is 45 % percent contained .
sixteen human cases of h7n9 have been reported in eastern china .
bayer leverkusen consolidate third place with 2-0 win over hannover .'
 louvre shut wednesday after staff walked out in protest .
 chinese-french painter zao wou-ki died tuesday at age 93 .
conviction overturned on appeal ; he was acquitted in second trial .
the two women arrested as they tried to board a flight carrying 25 pounds of cocaine .'
terror group claims responsibility and criticizes turkey for its ties to the west .
passengers are evacuated from a partially submerged commuter train .
status report says la nina event `` closely associated '' with 2011 extreme weather .
governor : 4 of the 8 connecticut deaths were from carbon monoxide poisoning .
 new : report : some residents of la paz evacuate their homes .
the duke of cambridge is president of english football association .'
 real madrid record worst start to la liga season in over a decade .
 joss whedon reveals details about ` avengers ' sequel .
u.s. defense secretary : if al-assad used chemical weapons once , he may do so again .
he allegedly punched , kicked and stomped the 33-year-old victim .
starr says he will throw away fan mail after october 20 .
 syrian president spoke to state tv network al-ikhbariya .
kemar roach takes hat-trick as west indies beat netherlands by 215 runs at world cup .
this year 's show highlights the friendship with china and russia .
 juan martin del potro beats new no.
the strike occurred in the kurram district , a local government official said .
 apple sent invites to members of the press tuesday for an october 23 event .
josh powell killed his two sons and himself in february .
 pennsylvania 's john murtha airport offers three commercial flights .
pep guardiola 's second competitive game in charge .
court sees no `` rational basis '' for ban .
`` god wants good to come from it , '' fox sports reported peterson said in a text message .
anti-whaling group says it saved 800 whales .
the ship appeared to be unstable , and then capsized , the military says .'
a police crackdown to protesters stirs riots in istanbul .
 next fight with president will be over debt ceiling .
 laura bush sits down with cnn during u.n. meeting in paris , france .
she also defends cheney 's defense of bush administration actions .
anvil 's steve `` lips '' kudlow and robb reiner have been dedicated to music .
boy was placed in a foster home while he was in las vegas .'
zimmerman claims he killed trayvon martin in self-defense .
 the soft-cover `` harry potter and the philosopher 's stone '' is one of 200 copies .
 some fans were excited charlie hunnam is out of `` fifty shades '' .
 redheads marched in edinburgh , scotland , for the uk 's first ginger pride walk .
 new : a pathologist testifies about why he ruled her death a homicide .
 animal hides and bones have been a part of decor since ancient times .
 new : authorities say girl , who was recovered tuesday , had been sexually assaulted .
their ferry hit a cargo ship off cebu city in the southern philippines .'
offer : $ 9.11 for nine holes , $ 19.11 for 18 holes .
management apologizes on facebook , reports death threats .
student protest leader : `` we should have a say in what they were trying to do to our school '' .
 delta takes 49 % stake in virgin atlantic .
each athlete is placed in events according to disability and ability .
the awards have helped promote african movies overseas .
nigeria 's `` nollywood '' produces more movies than hollywood .
lydon is accepting a bmi icon award , which recognizes his work with both bands .
he says tea party must realize : to win , it needs votes .
the children range from 8 to 17 years in age ; 40 have been reunited with their families .
 authorities also seize nearly $ 2.4 million in cash , the dea says .
attorney paul clement was solicitor general in the second bush administration .
sales rose 8.4 percent to $ 42 billion , organic sales growth was 7.4 percent .
 nomination of jeh johnson expected on friday .
investigation into asiana crash will look at onboard training .
 five guards facing 14 counts of manslaughter , other charges .
del potro has qualified for atp world tour finals in london .'
the wife of a former top communist party official is being investigated over the death .
murtagh has been granted a license to train and has already had winners .
both hardman and the patient are recovering .
nearly three out of four say that economic conditions are poor right now .'
armitage revealed valerie plame 's identity to columnist robert novak .
 the department of transportation to give the port authority nearly $ 200 million .
the port authority has spent $ 2 billion in repairs , sens.
minneapolis ' mayor weds 42 couples at the stroke of midnight .
her remains were found last week in solano county , california , police say .
hedwall became the first woman to win all five of her solheim cup matches .
he started the magazine when he was a 17-year-old college student in 1966 .
 `` we are not looking to split the country , '' says 79-year-old former military man .
mikhail youzhny beats david ferrer in valencia final .'
opeke says the lack of a backbone , open-access infrastructure is keeping prices high for consumers .
14 border guards were killed in the clashes with bandits in southeast iran , state media say .
 new law says sex offenders , child predators must reveal convictions on sites .
 mario 's lawyer blamed his mother 's `` irrational behavior '' .
 new : `` pakistanis think that the united states is an untrustworthy ally , '' former ambassador says .
a baby boy allegedly taken by the doctor was recovered sunday .
the answers are pulled from your google e-mails , calendars and google + .
 mohamed badie is arrested at an apartment in the nasr city section of cairo .
 governments filtering internet content by blocking access and removing sites .
 cristiano ronaldo scores twice as real madrid beats juventus .
cuts gap on title leader marc marquez to 13 points .
vance lived in 1916 rockaway beach house for 40 years and cherished it .
they allegedly told principal about inappropriate behavior by teacher .
`` through the never '' is not traditional concert movie .
sean penn gives excellent performance as milk .
chase 360 to win - second highest in history .
morsy faces charges related to his alleged involvement in violence , state media reports .
hbo 's `` behind the candelabra '' was named best miniseries or movie .
 manny pacquiao to fight brandon rios in the `` biggest '' boxing match ever in china .
the hybrid eclipse was only visible from parts of atlantic ocean and equatorial africa .'
he pushes for reforms and defends a decision to suspend significant military aid .
a woman says brown grabbed her iphone after she took a photo of him in miami last month .
 miguel de la madrid died in mexico city , family members say .
 zach johnson won the $ 1.44 million top prize at the bmw open .
johnson can win fedex cup prize of $ 10 million with victory at tour championship .'
 the verdict will be announced sunday morning , the court says .
 andy murray will undergo minor back surgery and most likely miss the rest of 2013 .
they say that a ruling has led to the cancellation of abortion appointments .
the 60th anniversary edition of the finals will be hosted by 13 countries .
 militants open fire at a police station and then an army camp , authorities say .
 u.s.-based zimbabwean broadcaster is co-founder of the africa channel .
babbitt was always doing favors for people , a neighbor says .
 the unconscious can help make complex decisions , scientists say .
gunman opens fire friday at los angeles international airport .
 an opposition party calls for the routes to be blocked if drone strikes continue .
team broke north atlantic rowing record set in 1896 .
 oprah winfrey says she 's sorry that a swiss store got caught up in a media frenzy .
the open was n't out-of-this-world , but it did make `` ender 's '' no.
 scientists solved a mystery of how cells deliver molecules .
each prize , endowed by alfred nobel in 1895 , comes with $ 1.2 million .'
look no further than the new orleans airport for leah chase 's creole cooking .
he also helped his family rebuild the family home .
 rodman 's trip was his second to north korea this year .
team .
mary delorenzo knight , 51 , was killed in the rampage at the washington navy yard .
knight 's family filed a federal claim seeking $ 37.5 million .
 get ready for another wolverine standalone movie .
 haisong jiang , 28 , pleaded guilty to defiant trespass , his attorney said .
`` if you call me a terrorist then the argument to call me a terrorist is ad hominem '' .
andrew cuomo said .
american singer kelly clarkson bought the ring , which had sale price of \xc3\x82 # 152,450 .
van zandt enlisted big names to be part of the campaign , including bono and bob dylan .
 a blast occurred early saturday at a coal mine in the guizhou province , state media reports .
but those tumors must be treated as doctors do n't know which ones are harmless .
more than 600 million print versions of the books have been published .
ivory ornaments and tusks came in two shipping containers from africa .
methane can be harnessed to create clean energy for heat , light and fuel .
 philippines military says all hostages freed from separatist group in zamboanga .
the state department denies the accusations , calls them counterproductive .
`` it was indescribable fear , '' smart testifies of her nighttime abduction .
jpmorgan chase executive says changes have been made .
 george lucas and mellody hobson wed .
 three turbulence-related deaths since 1980 , faa says .
 reddit co-founder alexis ohanian is calling on tech leaders to help defeat cispa .
 student loan debt is skyrocketing , with much of it in government loans .
in japan there are more than 300 annual cases of `` death from overwork ''
the u.s. commander in the philippines is asking for amphibious warships .
frum : obama was not re-elected by people who wanted to take but by those who want to work .
lawrence played cyrus ' grandmother on `` hannah montana '' .
now , gop has an eclectic pool of presidential candidates ; democrats have hillary clinton .
 lora dimaggio warned her brother about hannah anderson .
 myanmar 's rakhine state puts a two-child limit on muslims in some areas .
 the four marines were working on range area known as zulu black used for live-fire drills .
she 's also a balloon artist .
airlift rescue attempts were halted due to bad weather , a rescue center spokesman said .
 the three-time indianapolis 500 winner thanks his friends , family and fans .
 global sea-levels rose by an average of 3 mm a year over the past two decades .
venice one of many cities upgrading flood protection barriers .'
 mobile phones are helping african citizens hold their governments to account .
 england 's netball team aiming to become champions of the world by 2019 .
the remains were in a container in `` a narrow area '' of the river , police say .
franchitti 's car bumped , careens into fencing at houston grand prix .
 michael j. fox returned to tv on thursday night .
paul revere 's grandson fought at the battle of gettysburg .
 a new nielsen report focuses on cell phone use by youth ages 15-24 from all over the world .
travis now accused of felony retaliation ; threatened `` to shoot and kill '' troopers , said officials .
 robach is 40 ; federal guidelines recommend yearly checks at 50 .
police : man `` felt he was protecting the entire plane ''
hr supervisors overseeing salaries make on average $ 78,700 .
he has no doctrine , unlike other recent presidents , an analyst says .
1 nadal has to battle past berdych in three sets .
suspect conrado juarez pleads not guilty to charge of second-degree murder .
 fabrice muamba announces his retirement from professional football .
he took the gun jerome mauderly had loaded to protect his home from the inmate .
ex-athletic director : i wanted to fire rice earlier .
two flights landed with no communication from the control tower .
kids learn healthy habits from those they admire most , and santa is a role model .
snow prevented her from practicing on the race course monday .
he speaks in his first interview since he was installed by the military .
investigator obtained false passports on four of four attempts .
 judge denies motion to dismiss murder charges against jordan linn graham .
renowned architects such as peter marino have designed stores around the world .
 sinead o'connor tells miley cyrus to stop allowing herself to be `` pimped '' .
prosecutors are gathering surveillance video from los angeles international airport .'
urban was with the great basin smokejumper program for 11 years .
we run out of money again on february 7 .
he is a u.s. army veteran who served in afghanistan .
remarkable images capture prestigious race from land , air , and sea .
with cyanide report , middlesex district attorney 's office plans additional charges .
 new : co-author of aeg live propofol study was hired after losing pizza parlor job .
kaiserslautern draw 1-1 with cologne to move up to 10th place in the table .'
 the national search dog foundation has trained 131 rescue teams since 1996 .
the group provides lifetime care for the dogs -- even those that do n't get through the training .
 former coast guard adm. thad allen : `` a steady hand at the tiller '' needed for cleanup .
company hopes to launch its first probes by 2015 .
 in new book , wrestling legend and reality tv star talks about hitting rock bottom .
major exhibition covering artist 's time there slated for mons , european capital of culture , in 2015 .
 reading 's jason roberts will refuse to wear an anti-racism groups t-shirt .
 dry winter seen for u.s. southeast , southwest .
carey died thursday after a car chase with police near the capitol .
you can also e-mail former partners anonymously to tell them to get tested .
 diane von furstenberg 's wrap dress has been a fashion staple for decades .
 `` this is a global problem , '' author deepak chopra says .
soldiers back from afghanistan said delta charged their unit $ 2,800 to check extra bags .
that recommendation is awaiting final approval from a review board .
 `` gangnam style '' became the most watched youtube video of all time , overtaking justin bieber .
three teenagers , including an 18-year-old driver , were inside the vehicle , police said .
the torching of the train killed more than 50 , mostly hindu pilgrims .
winehouse canceled a european tour last month after being booed off stage .
 `` she is safe , she is unharmed , she is ok , '' police chief says of brittany thompson .
he was sentenced to life in prison for war crimes .
 private security contractors reindicted by grand jury on manslaughter charges .
`` yoopers '' and `` trolls '' are forced to get along in michigan .
kuehne is the seventh person charged in connection with the attack .'
 richard keiper , 67 , of boyd , texas , will face murder , robbery and theft charges , police say .
 chemical weapons group requests `` expressions of interest '' from private industry .
madeleine disappeared in 2007 while on holiday with her parents in portugal .
 best jobs ranked by u.s. job site .
 chaleo yoovidhya co-founded red bull , the energy drink company .
 new : michigan , massachusetts investigators will see each other 's info in outbreak probe .
colombian analyst : `` in general , this social movement has not been infiltrated ''
u.s. agencies have n't responded to comment on this report .
butterfly farmers in zanzibar no longer have to cut down trees to sell charcoal .'
tlas was disgusted with the killing of sunnis , a western official says .
president barack obama must work to recover from lackluster debate .
 the brother , 12 , was arrested at a sheriff 's substation late saturday afternoon .
hoey cards a final round 68 to leave u.s. open champion rory mcilroy two shots adrift .
the calls now are routed by microsoft - or skype-owned computers .
the president orders security forces to step up measures .
last month , a group of american lawmakers called for an investigation of the diplomat .
three other members of kennedy family are backing clinton .'
four accused of fighting at sunday game at metlife stadium .
u.s. forces boarded the vessel with yemen authorities , obama administration official says .
a flight attendants ' union says the bans should have remained .
 signing was delayed , and no closing statement was made .
the tv veteran earned it for his work on `` the big bang theory '' .
 diana chism says her `` heart is broken '' for the teacher 's family .
 number of homemade bomb attacks down in iraq , up in afghanistan .
 new : some have called for jay z to end his barneys partnership over profiling claims .
new : 38 people are injured , state media reports , and 11 were taken to the hospital .
author : stigma perpetuated by this tragedy will keep people from reaching out for help .
 volunteers in remote countries are uploading data to google maps .
the new season will be re-titled `` real world : ex-plosion '' .
massaro started contest website as a hobby at age 19 .
some psychologists say patients might distance themselves from avatar .
turkey is a secular nation but its population is mainly muslim .
proposal has brought protests among the secular population .
investigation finds `` hazing was involved , '' sheriff says .
`` treatment now works better , and costs less , allowing people with aids to live long , productive lives '' .
they 're named to the usa national bobsled team .
 operators of crippled fukushima nuclear plant to remove fuel rods .
 a school superintendent and athletic director resign after a controversy over text messages .
lovell `` was so much more than just a victim , '' his son says .
 letter : `` he was no doubt alive '' .
 muqtada al-sadr has been in iran since 2007 .
he developed the three-finger style that made the banjo a `` front '' instrument .
 the bear was spotted sunday morning in newton , massachusetts .
 a new report shows that unprotected sex between men is on the rise .
`` it was so hostile , '' perry wrote in a facebook posting sunday .
microsoft , nokia both rolled out tablets the same day apple did .
1 movie .
cdu general secretary : `` we have achieved a result that will be good for the country '' .
single-engine plane carried a family of five headed to butte , montana .
 collapse of a mumbai apartment building kills 4 , hurts at least 6 .
 promotional posters from mccarthy 's ` the heat ' look different .
proposed $ 2.25 billion fine would be largest state penalty , regulator says .'
 caroline kennedy had spoken publicly about her desire for clinton 's senate seat .
 state attorney drops appeal of court 's decision to release the recordings .
 pratt was convicted of the 1968 murder of a california woman .
pratt said he was not bitter for the wrongful conviction .'
when mercenaries take over the white house , tatum dives in to protect the president .
 legislation adds an 8 % tax on food high in caloric content .
interior ministry says 28 people were detained `` in violation of the protest law '' .
 new : police : nathan van wilkins , 44 , is in jail with a $ 2 million bond .
offshore drilling ban has become a campaign issue .
snowden , charged with espionage in u.s. , has been in a moscow airport for 3 weeks .'
 the minister has been the target of a hate campaign , his aide says .
power knocked out to half the residents of rapid city , south dakota .
maria will be cared for by a foster family in bulgaria , authorities there say .
 a calculator reportedly overstates heart attack risk .
 march saw the launch of playboy magazine 's first edition in hebrew .
the committee wanted to point out the progress in eliminating chemical weapons globally .'
bus driver heather bormann accused fox of assaulting her in august .
broadcastify , the primary source for scanner feeds , streams around 3,500 scanner channels .'
`` colleen 's gift was that of inspiration , '' her cousin said in a eulogy .
 knowing risk , jorge luis garc\xc3\xada p\xc3\xa9rez testified to congress via video link last week .
derakhshan gained notoriety after being first iranian to blog from israel .'
area looks like `` disaster movie , '' los angeles city councilman says .
 syrian government says the raid targeted terrorists .
professional skier elyse saugstad credits an airbag backpack for her survival .
asher vongtau is hospitalized after nearly two days in a narrow space .
the fire department rescued the 19-year-old sunday evening .
 sepp blatter says africa is under-represented at the world cup finals .
 nine secret service agents are out or leaving over the prostitution scandal .
republican sen. grassley calls for further investigation of white house staff .
 juvenile diabetes research foundation funding 13 artificial pancreas trials .
 new : police hold nikos michaloliakos after court appearance .
 group showcases test firing of a gun made with a 3-d printer .
 queen beatrix of the netherlands hands over the crown to her son .
 under saddam hussein 's regime , natiq al alousi was commissioned to create works depicting the dictator .
al alousi , a sculptor , says artists received much support from saddam .
the program aims to encourage kids to take up reading .
more than 2,400 people were rescued after of the collapse in savar , dhaka .
bangladesh has come under pressure to improve worker safety .
the project showcases the colorful and fashionable way of dressing of people in darfur .
armed group detains four u.n. peacekeepers in syria near israeli-held golan heights .
harry will not be stopping in las vegas this time .
parsons says galliano and the school could not reach a consensus about the class .
allison shared videos of herself singing on youtube and cnn ireport .
at its heart is a proposal for a tough new bill on immigration , the government says .
the government will continue to press for scotland to stay within the united kingdom .
judge jessica recksiedler approves a motion removing her from the case .
`` it 's not a very imaginative approach to painting , '' michael gray said .
 web product developer created online cv to look like amazon page .
 ariana grande 's `` yours truly '' has debuted at no.
the brothers of ariel castro are hiding in an undisclosed location .
democrat party says it has about 150 lawmakers in parliament .
 simpson is serving a 33-year term for robbery , kidnapping and assault .
the navy hopes to land a drone on a carrier this summer .
he offers 10 camels as a reward for information on the whereabouts of president obama .
representatives for nigella lawson have not commented on the drugs claims .'
actor john stamos said he was slandered .'
more than 300 migrants died in shipwreck near italian island of lampedusa in early october .
12 defendants now face manslaughter and felony hazing .
check out an extravagant ice festival in china or canada .
` it 's all about celebrating trees , educating people , ' says co-founder david wiles .
after winning prestigious kentucky derby , he eyes saturday 's preakness stakes .
taj jackson : `` i know wade is lying .
 band-e-amir lakes in afghanistan regularly attract travelers .
 a350 xwb is airbus ' new family of super efficient aircraft .
sambolin has been asked questions by cnn viewers about breast cancer .
 dolphins place jonathan martin on reserve list .
several hundred protesters took to hong kong 's streets saturday to support snowden .
fowler wishes his friend bubba watson had been there to share the celebrations .'
the diaries were written by amanda berry and gina dejesus .
magistrate orders james everett dutschke held without bond .
 emmelie de forest 's `` only teardrops '' puts denmark on top .
ship owners were not fined ; cdc has no authority to correct any of the issues .
 friends say nancy lanza vacationed alone the week of the shooting .
a polar storm at novo base is keeping the teams stranded in cape town , south africa .
 bo xilai trial proceedings posted on live courthouse micro-blog , attracting more than 590,000 followers .
china hailed micro-blog as `` historic transparency '' but flow of information was selective .
the small tablet can be picked up at stores after being ordered online .
about 500 workers outside the world 's third largest port are demanding a 15 % pay increase .
the mr01 must pass the requirement before being officially tested on a circuit .
coachella valley produces 95 % of u.s. dates , cultivated from mideast shoots .
the meeting is a reward for the country 's recent political reforms .
 two bombs exploded outside a local marshal 's building , the ministry of health says .
 new : dominique strauss-kahn will appeal the court ruling , his lawyer says .
 students wear white ribbons at hofstra 's graduation .
some bloggers who have a large readership are given impressive privileges .'
disney 's beach club resort features a three-acre water park .
 monica stephens never wanted to get close to ariel castro .
goal from alexis sanchez gives barcelona 1-0 in in nou camp .
 dominique strauss-kahn was imf chief and had been expected to run for french presidency .
grimsson has been president of the republic of iceland since 1996 .
an aeg expert testifies it should have been `` a red flag '' when murray asked for $ 5 million .
 home invasion occurs in uniondale , new york .
 new york city fc to become 20th club in major league soccer .
 ` alternative ' mba table ranks programs by social consciousness .
the daily caller says the woman was not in the video .
 the enneagram system sorts individuals into nine personality types .
 north korea has declared the united states a `` sworn enemy '' .
 about 50 of the incorrect cards were handed out , maricopa county says .
hispanic groups have accused county officials of discrimination .'
 new : panetta urges both sides to `` avoid further escalation '' .
 nfl safety troy polamalu is getting his hair cut to raise money for veterans .
the veterans of foreign wars is encouraging others to do the same .
 abdi farah shirdon receives 215 out of 275 votes from parliament .
 jackson 's lawyer objects that aeg gave peppermint candy to jurors .
aeg live 's president told reporters about dr. murray : `` we hired him '' .
people still die .
 `` by the grace of allah i am now home , '' imran khan tweets .
former world no.
 nobody knows where or when fragments will strike earth .
tanzania is home to the famous great migration in the serengeti .
he 's honest .
authorities say local tap water still safe to drink but residents worried .
 an altercation on board caused a plane from pakistan to the uk to be diverted .
the decision is a blow to those who will lose their jobs and bad news for labor government .
 michel platini urges players not to walk off the pitch if racially abused .
`` we could n't allow ourselves to be emotional , '' william zervakos says .
 two men murder british soldier in broad daylight on busy london street .
 `` re-mission 2 '' is a video game designed for young cancer patients .
 parents of american shane todd walk out of singapore inquiry into engineer 's death .
husby , a northern suburb of stockholm , had been at the center of the disorder .
the company invited more women to its annual developers conference this year .
kenyan supreme court says presidential election was `` free and fair '' .
there 's a fear that sectarian violence may again ravage the country .
it is particularly felt on yeongpyeong island , south korea .
judge : there 's no reason why pistorius should n't be able to travel overseas to compete .
mei xiang was artificially inseminated after her male partner did n't impregnate her .
an iraqi fan exclaims .
 a proposal says west african troops in mali could become part of peacekeeping mission .
 new : south korean president warns of `` strong response '' to any provocation .
north korea has staged similar attacks in the past , expert says .
 new : sheriff : the suspect told investigators he fantasized about stabbing .
increases were greater in college towns , major cities .'
 no release date for the second-generation ipad mini has been announced .
speculation has centered on november 22 .
catherina g. scalia , 47 , is known as new york 's `` hot dog hooker '' .
a judge ordered proceedings closed amid a tumultuous hearing monday .'
hezbollah has declared military support for syria 's government .
wasted food is a major cause of avoidable co2 emissions .
 the musician and producer has written `` pharrell : places and spaces i 've been '' .
 ginsburg started syndicating his `` mr. food '' tv segments more than 30 years ago .
pauline phillips was author of the dear abby column for decades .
mikhail gorbachev calls elections unfair , a russian report says .
 william potts hijacked a plane to havana in 1984 .
atletico leads barcelona by three points and real madrid by eight .
 new : the soyuz capsule docked to the space station late tuesday .
issa 's committee may vote on a contempt of congress resolution .
palace will be $ 180 million richer even if they survive just one season in the premier league .'
 student andrea rebello was killed by police gunfire , police say .
20 % said it should be illegal in all cases ; 25 % said it should be legal in all circumstances .
he was discharged from a hospital tuesday , and will appear in court thursday .
the british government defends the questioning as legal .'
 south korea is pulling out its citizens from kaesong .
 thai airways airbus a330-300 skids off runway after landing in bangkok .
he died after suffering injuries in a fall at his florida home .
prince alwaleed bin talal rejects reported plans as a `` way to put more pressure on the citizens '' .
vettel is unconcerned by the boos he consistently receives from fans .
 new : china calls the report `` baseless accusation '' .
a tv report alleges that top australian government agencies were hacked .
the german lauds suzuka circuit as `` one of the best tracks in the world ''
qatar 2022 world cup could be moved to northern hemisphere winter .
 a spokesperson for sebastian vettel denies he is moving to ferrari .
tennis coach pete mccraw believes success is down to mentality and self-belief .
first movement is emancipation from slavery , second is end of jim crow .
 actress and model pamela anderson is fronting the downforce1 racing team .
 michael schumacher criticizes pirelli 's tires , complaining they degrade too quickly .
 tiger woods , rory mcilroy and adam scott tee off together at next week 's u.s. open .
steve williams , alongside woods for 13 of his majors , now caddies for scott .
 doctors have removed a nodule from the mexican president 's thyroid .
president obama says of gun violence victims : `` they deserve a vote '' on tougher laws .
there could be even more severe weather on friday , the weather service notes .'
 pakistani taliban says it will reject any peace initiatives .
miranda lambert choked up while singing `` the house that built me '' .
no democrat or republican gene ; environment a huge factor .'
armstrong has long denied using performance-enhancing drugs .
 new : the two suspects are british nationals , police sources say .
the man and woman , both 26 , were arrested after arriving on a flight .
burwell served in the clinton administration , where she rose to deputy director of the omb .
nadal will face david ferrer in sunday 's final after compatriot beats jo-wilfried tsonga .
another 49 people are injured , interior minister hamed bakayoko says .
economic reforms can not be separated from the political reforms , he adds .
a judge had ordered that photos of martin 's body should be sealed .
the weather comes as about 94.5 million americans prepare to travel for christmas .'
 new : other fires burn in new mexico and colorado .
 prosecutor : the suspect , a convert to islam , prayed before the attack .
seven killed , one wounded in drone strike , officials say .
it 's the first drone strike since the pakistani elections .
fifth seed verdasco beats robin soderling in three-set final .
administration : resolution not violated because the u.s. is n't technically engaged in hostilities .
 california 's ponderosa fire burns 84 buildings and threatens 900 homes .
doritos locos tacos could `` dethrone '' the crunchwrap .
she says she was `` on a cocktail of drugs '' when a fertility doctor had her consent .
after retiring in 2013 , he is now coaching the next generation at reykjavik club valur .
two police officers suffered non-life-threatening wounds .
gilbert thomas collar was naked and sweating profusely .
obama will nominate samantha power as u.n. ambassador .
 brett seacat is on trial for murder , accused of killing his wife , vashti .
 lew frankfort , ceo of coach talks to cnn 's maggie lake .
journalists are granted rare access at the sohae satellite launching station .'
helicopter was scheduled to pick up ailing boy , take him to children 's hospital .
 south african athlete caster semenya will be gender tested after her gold medal win .
 manchester city midfielder yaya toure urges uefa to take action on racism .
apparent changes in her face raised questions online .
now thorpe 's son is seeking to return his remains to oklahoma .
the violin is believed to have been played by william hartley as the ship sank .
the united states and afghanistan are working on a security pact .
he sang with ten years after .'
new : chae has confessed to starting the namdaemun fire , police chief says .
 an american who colombia rebels say they 're holding is a former soldier .
 delia ephron is a best-selling author and co-screenwriter of `` you 've got mail '' .
three people drowned in missouri , and four people were killed by flooding in arkansas .'
 murder suspect bullock was on probation when he was arrested for public intoxication .
daughter carol thatcher says next week 's funeral will be `` tearful ''
the taxi magic app dispatches cabs directly to you .
the boy , now 13 , could remain at the juvenile facility until he is 23 .'
wu said he sought medical care after erratic behavior during his 2010 campaign .
madrid president florentino perez says ` timing is right ' to end relationship .
 tara sonenshine : in disasters , the needs of those with disabilities should be in forefront .
flight recorders have been found , could provide data tuesday , news agency says .
united airlines goes through 7 million bottles of wine each year .
 authorities say there is no sign of `` foul play or criminality '' .
law enforcement cracking down over labor day holiday .'
authorities say there is no sign of `` foul play or criminality '' .
suspect in the deaths of three women is charged with aggravated murder , kidnapping .
republicans reject the white house campaign as grandstanding .
environmentalists have said the zoos are unsanitary and harmful to animals .
 sebastian vettel won 13 of the 19 grands prix in the 2013 formula one season .
some doctors say curveballs should not be thrown by young pitchers .
 police shot and killed mark duggan in august 2011 .
 brigadier general yadollah javani is a senior official in the revolutionary guard .
 new : pope heads home after world youth day .
 fashion designer miuccia prada prefers to stay out of fashion limelight .
 james franklin is hired as penn state 's new football coach .
 the charges stemmed from a corruption case involving the princess ' husband .
the committee studied how to engage with the united states .
the cadillac escalade suv tops the list .
ted strickland gave reprieve to romell broom , 52 .
 the presidents of sudan and south sudan meet in ethiopia .
federal appeals court finds against her estate .
 apple has launched two new iphones , one for early adopters and one for budget crowd .
egypt closes the rafah border crossing to gaza in light of the attack .
the swiss has won the season-ending tournament on a record six occasions .
yoani sanchez was headed to bayamo , cuba , to cover a trial .
a spanish politician is on trial for vehicular homicide for a wreck that killed two .
`` facebook deactivation agreement '' was signed by paul baier , 14-year-old rachel .
warren lee hill 's attorney says they came within a half hour of the scheduled execution .
`` ciudad juarez es the .1 , '' is on display at el paso 's public library in texas .
french forces are fighting the remaining islamists in timbuktu .
malian and french forces recaptured an islamist stronghold last week .
 the national highway traffic safety administration proposes first-ever side-impact tests for car seats .
study says 42 percent of homeless children are younger than 6 .
 a website associated with al-shabaab posts an audio interview with the alleged bomber .
mandela is now on life support , an official says .
 security experts warn wi-fi users to be more vigilant against hackers .
49-year-old holds nine olympic gold medals .'
jim halpert constantly pulls pranks on dwight schrute in `` the office '' .
 johannes mehserle walks out of prison early monday .
they were believed detained by the interior ministry , an official said .'
 manchester united knocked out of english league cup by lowly sunderland .
 tedxkhartoum event included international speakers on the theme `` knowledge into action '' .
security forces demanded permit , organizers say , and then said the event was canceled .
oscar-winning movie was about boxer jake lamotta .
 the roller coaster at six flags over texas has been closed since the july death .
the ritz-carlton , lake tahoe has its own marshmallow expert .'
 prospectus on three nightclubs in hong kong contain descriptions of nightlife .
 the chicago botanic garden is said to have the best display gardens in the midwest .
evidence is revealed in phone hacking trial of former news of the world editors .
ministry of presidential affairs says sheikh khalifa bin zayed al nahyan is in a stable condition .
he is called as a defense witness in the trial of ex-bosnian serb leader radovan karadzic .
they pledge to do more to fight human trafficking in south america .
win moves city to second in epl standings .
 about 95 percent of the indian workers work in the unorganized sector .
 more and more mexican immigrants in the united states are returning to mexico .
willems loves to see his fans draw his characters .
 conan o'brien avoided joking about leno on monday .
field marshal abdel-fattah el-sisi is expected to announce soon whether he 'll run .
 robin van persie says he does not want to extend contract at arsenal .
he was chicago 's longest-serving mayor .
public fall out with malaysian owner vincent tan .'
some arrivals were delayed an hour or more at major airports .
 nypd searches for a man who allegedly punched a woman , knocking her to the ground .
 widespread seasonal activity is increasing , the cdc says .
h1n1 is the primary strain seen ; it 's no longer called `` swine flu ''
mohamed is wanted for the killing of william bultemeier in 2000 .'
helen grace pr for `` colin '' on the buzz around the film : `` we were almost fainting '' .
president shimon peres says fire from syria has `` nothing to do with israel '' .
african nations should have acted quickly with military support , president kiir says .
keith matthew maupin 's remains were found , u.s. military says .
 cnn travels with the libyan national soccer team to zambia .
the festival features more than 50 photographers and artists spanning 15 countries .
new : the effort was accelerated after last week 's reports of executions .
the fashion luminaries ' lawyer says their convictions will be appealed .
 arab women directors will be showcased in a forthcoming film festival in london .
pacquiao has lost just five of his 61 professional fights .'
 the annenberg foundation is focusing on supporting leaders in their philanthropy .
pistole says small number of travelers have to undergo enhanced pat-downs .
 nigeria into semifinals of africa cup of nations after beating ivory coast 2-1 on sunday .
`` we were rightly concerned about her representing south dakota , '' ranchers ' rep says .
disparity between political freedom and education drives short-term social unrest .
meanwhile , apple 's stance is that `` two is better than one ''
 boeing says some ge engines need fix for icing .
it says a total of 17 polio cases have been confirmed .
fernando torres had given chelsea the lead on 59 minutes .
the australian maritime safety authority is coordinating the rescue .'
 new : sen. charles schumer proposes a cruise ship passenger `` bill of rights '' .
 new : bill belichick says he felt `` personally hurt '' by aaron hernandez 's arrest .
 standard incandescent light bulbs will no longer be manufactured .
 sandor kepiro , 97 , is accused of killing jews and serbs in a raid in 1942 .
 china has hinted it 's rethinking its system of `` re-education through labor '' .
 the ioc announces that six events will be added to 2014 winter olympics .
 greece hands over the olympic flame to russia ahead of sochi 2014 winter games .
this is different from past years , when apple offered modest discounts on some items .
fellow travel companion shon meckfessel felt sick , stayed behind in iraq .
investigators have found no link yet between the formula and the baby 's death .
research found no prescient mentions of comet ison or pope francis .
pamplona has pageantry , parades , bullfights ; conyers has free beef jerky .
 report : next iphone will have bigger screen .
 turkish champions galatasaray announce deal to sign drogba from shanghai shenhua .
5 and 6 units .
 new : video obtained by ktvu shows a ball of fire erupting in front of the consulate .
 ups says it has cleared a holiday package backlog .
fedex says `` any isolated issues '' with its deliveries are resolved .
four u.s. navy seals were wounded by rebels on saturday .
 double car bombs explode near somali hotel .
tiger learned his values from his father , who died in 2006 .
the group was detained after some tried to scale a russian company 's oil platform .
 inventor of the brics concept has a new acronym for a group of nations to watch .
 `` inside llewyn davis '' won best film of 2013 from the national society of film critics .
the former israeli prime minister is still suffering from organ failure .
the same group stabbed a santa blow-up prop in 2010 .
anderson , 16 , attended a fundraiser in her southern california community .
rodman bristles when asked if it 's appropriate for him to lead a visit to north korea .
the former nba star tells cuomo , `` i do n't give a rat 's ass what the hell you think '' .
 the obama administration will decide on the keystone xl pipeline this year .
coast guard deployed 4,000 feet of boom , four 25-foot boats and other vessels for cleanup .'
 abc says `` no comment '' to reports barbara walters will retire in may 2014 .
 a massive fire delays the race for two hours .
 hanks is appearing in the new film `` cloud atlas '' .
hanks said he viewed the debates as like tv shows .
 police say they are waiting for the girl to recover to talk to her .
ruben navarrette : affleck should have used a latino actor to play role .
 a spacex launch from florida 's cape canaveral is aborted at the last minute .
south koreans have long lived under a cloud of threats from north .
buying or selling human organs is illegal and not allowed on ebay .'
beaten 1-0 by athletic bilbao at san mames .
the french sports minister condemned anelka , calling his gesture `` disgusting '' .
england suffered the wettest january in 248 years .
crews in western caribbean , eastern pacific seized 59 tons of cocaine in fiscal year 2012 .'
he calls on the mta to do more immediately to improve safety .
 hundreds of florida babies have been born addicted to drugs .
radical protesters killed a policeman , the interior ministry said .
police said she was baby-sitting at a motel for the man arrested in case .
 pirelli ceo defends the tires the manufacturer supplies to formula one .
 grace and matthew huang deny murdering their adopted daughter , gloria .
doctors declared her brain dead after undergoing a tonsillectomy .'
the cuts are less than an earlier estimate of up to $ 2.4 billion , the governor says .
 new zealand 's ` accidental millionaire ' jailed for bank account theft .
hui `` leo '' gao sentenced to four years , seven months after global manhunt .
 execution of jong song thaek reveals glimpse into closed world of the north korean regime .
navigators help people sign up for health insurance by walking them through options .
 jeffrey miron : government spending on health care is rising fast .
they are believed to have been killed after mali 's march 2012 coup .
five men will appear in court again next week .
the philippine-born actress had a part in `` pirates of the caribbean : on stranger tides '' .
 electoral officials declared ruling party candidate juan hernandez winner .
he credits nelson mandela for uniting south africa .
what do you think ?
 paul walker 's fame has increased since his death .
knox and her former boyfriend raffaele sollecito deny killing meredith kercher in 2007 .
ring in the new year at the harbin ice festival in northeast china .
no one has won the jackpot in 20 drawings .
he beats rest of the field by one shot to finish on 17-under par .'
 vh1 has acquired all 57 episodes of `` happy endings '' .
 real madrid win 1-0 at espanyol in la liga .
hyundai has been commissioning works blending art and technology .
 a plane crashed and burst into flames in western germany .
 lawson 's ex-husband charles saatchi takes stand thursday .
 hewetson was among 28 activists and 2 journalists arrested at an arctic oil rig .
 rugby league player russell packer was jailed for a late night assault in sydney .
 ma ` lik richmond was one of two students convicted of raping a 16-year-old .
1 spot at the box office .
a court says it will deliver the verdict in his retrial on december 18 .
town leaders have asked the media to respect town 's privacy .
the shows ratings have been slipping .
`` endangering people 's lives -- that 's not politics , '' democrat says .
he does n't believe in reconciliation , '' allawi says .
lee beat a transient with a tire iron after he thought the man disrespected him .
new : more than 1000 flights canceled on saturday .
 alan jackson 's daughter was arrested during a traffic stop in nashville wednesday .
 wreaths across america placed 143,000 wreaths at arlington .
 apple is expected to announce updates to its line of ipad tablets on tuesday .
`` losing two -lrb- officers -rrb- is an unthinkable tragedy , '' police chief says .
an immigration and customs enforcement agent is shot in the leg , police say .
 spokesman : major league baseball dismisses its lawsuit against the south florida clinic .
twitter has become a go-to place for online anger .
djokovic 's win over lukas lacko was his first official match with new coach boris becker .
official papers are signed , and the body goes to a morgue .
 egypt asked turkey 's ambassador to leave saturday .
he lost consciousness after he surfaced .
rebecca sedwick died in september after jumping from a building .
1 williams and second seed djokovic both register straight-sets wins .
roma talisman francesco totti rejuvenated under garcia .
liverpool up to second as chelsea and man city slip up .'
 the suicide bomber detonated near a hezbollah regional center .
doctors have been questioned or detained in australia , england , scotland .
the ` free city ' of christiania is testimony to danish open-mindedness .
 a good samaritan drowns trying to save a teen and a man swept into ocean near los angeles .
reports claim lesbians to be outlawed from national league .
`` why 're we in here ? ''
 lottery officials say it is a man from the columbia area of south carolina .
 new : havens told cnn once that he always had music in his life .
 jury to decide if school or actor should have one of two warhol portraits of farrah fawcett .
 notah begay is a golfer with a native american background .
ehealth.com ceo says process is n't even ready for testing .
 human remains are excavated from an unmarked grave in a winchester churchyard .
passion for news was the most important for a journalist , she said .
but new federal workers will start their jobs with a 1.3 % pay cut .
a hospital in syosset , new york , called police after junior gotti arrived with a stab wound .
gotti told police he 'd been stabbed in a parking lot , but he refused other questions .
the palestinian leader died in 2004 at age 75 .
bowers , 32 , suffered a spine injury after falling 16 feet from a tree stand .
`` do not use '' order lifted for thousands more west virginia homes and businesses .
he was accused of making ricin , sending it in letters to obama , a senator and a judge .
 rafael nadal into semifinals of qatar open in doha .
syrian government helicopters dropped barrel bombs , opposition group says .
brown is serving 90 days in court-ordered rehab .
his condition remains critical but stable , his manager says .
authorities : schrenker intentionally crashed plane in january .
i do n't do that '' .
mobile apps can keep you up on the play-by-play when you 're away from the tv .
myanmar says it used `` air attacks '' on kachin rebels this week .
the international date line swings more than 1,500 miles east for kiribati .
but the should not have the heft of the weekend storm .
 malala yousafzai chats with queen elizabeth ii at a buckingham palace reception .
 convicted sex offender paul thomas rawl jr. , 52 , was arrested in south carolina .
factors : child marriages , poverty , community pressures .
podesta to be brought in during the lowest point of obama 's presidency .
 elections held for 75-seat regional parliament in spain 's basque region .
lawmakers downgraded punishment for `` aggravated homosexuality '' to life in prison .
 hockey legend wayne gretzky among canadian sports legends lighting olympic cauldron .
 the kills are alison mosshart and jamie hince .
 new : `` we screwed it up , '' obama says of health care website woes .
 `` the voice '' crowned its season five winner on tuesday .
garcia 's girlfriend katharina caddied for him this week in thailand .
new : accuser 's attorney said they did n't want this case to go public .
chile 's hotel de larache has its own observatory , with a powerful , advanced-optics meade telescope .
prostitution case rocked kennebunk , where client list became talk of the town .'
 president obama shook hands with cuban leader raul castro at mandela 's memorial .
 nokia announced its first tablet , the 10-inch lumia 2520 running windows rt .
 ceasefire between rival muslim , christian militias brings respite in central african republic .
french troops have arrived in the war-torn northern city of bossangoa .
eric waugh and his classmate thought initially it was an explosion in a chemistry class .
militants have targeted the international airport in the past .
 new : passenger pulled from us airways flight 2846 has tested negative for tb .
he is also a suspect in sex crimes in alabama and texas .
 new : the youth 's father was a soldier in washington state .
one man booked into county jail on thursday .
aurora theater shooting happened 17 miles from arapahoe .
 sebastian vettel becomes youngest-ever f1 world champion .
 navy plane crashed near air station in central california .
 carly `` charli '' joann scott , who is 5 months ' pregnant , was last seen last sunday in maui .
the 55-year-old father of two has n't been seen since .
officials : he was wounded after he resisted a kidnapping attempt .
the case is expect to be appealed by jackson lawyers .
all three buses were carrying shiite pilgrims headed toward iran .
 california legislation would ban `` affluenza '' as defense or during post-trial sentencing .
the pilots did n't realize they were at the wrong airport until the plane had landed .
pakistani journalist denies having affair and is shocked at death .
she had publicly accused her husband of adultery with the pakistani journalist .
bohlig slid 1,500 feet into mount st. helens crater .
 releasing the songs now gives apple records 20 more years of copyright .
 iowa has granted gun permits to the visually impaired , a report says .
`` he was the kindest person in the world , '' his wife says .
 israel says a rocket fired from gaza landed , causing no injuries .
it escaped from the same tank that leaked on january 9 outside charleston .
volunteers work for a day to preserve arlington national cemetery 's grounds .
 bodies of a man , 43 , and his daughters , ages 9 and 4 , were discovered tuesday .
`` g.b.f. ''
10 people have been arrested in the crackdown .
in beijing , home prices were up 16 % , shanghai 17 % year-on-year in september .
 sporting events integral to english social `` season '' .
the actor died while supporting his organization , reach out worldwide .
in the first half of 2013 , the u.s. made the most requests for user information .'
more than 400 homes evacuated , city manager says .
the director is in hong kong filming the fourth installment of ` transformers ' franchise .
80 stores to close sunday ; 88 others to become peet 's .
 more than 65,000 have fled falluja and ramadi in past week .
 top u.s. intelligence official said it was possible russian intelligence has spoken to snowden .
gate gourmet one of three airline catering facilities next to hong kong airport .
`` the point is the competition itself , '' according to the russian olympic chief .
russia 's anti-gay propaganda law `` offended '' obama , he said in august .
on saturday the opposition leaders rejected ukrainian president 's peace offer .
it tells the story of a young woman who embarks on an affair with an older man .
his comments follow der spiegel report on fresh allegations of u.s. spying .
 woman reported overboard about 700 miles northeast of hawaii .
harry occupies apartment close to prince william and kate .
`` luckily we stopped the line in time , '' worker tells cnn affiliate ktvu .
animal control department trying to find owner .
 india plans to build world 's largest hindu temple , towering 123 meters tall .
bush speaks in final news conference of second term .
pinches became british champion in 2007 when she was just 13-years-old .
 the caves of elephanta island are the backdrop for the elephanta festival .
 british airways says a plane was damaged but did not detail how .
nfl wants applicants to have 10 years ' experience .
the syrian town of hama has been wracked with violence .
the autopsy says mcbride was not shot at close range .'
measure includes more than $ 2 billion to help flood-stricken midwest .'
licensed dance instructors offer lessons for about $ 5 an hour .
authorities link him to 79 killings in northern mexico .
 ronnie smith was a deacon in his church in austin , texas .
workers ' rights protesters gather in zurich as fifa debates the 2022 qatar world cup .
u.s. investigations services charged with false statements , breach of contract .
record 40th unbeaten match for european champions .
three injured people are taken to a hospital .
 a number of groups are vying for the right to operate the '' .
he agreed to end the protest , serve out the detention time for a parole violation .
she also played bob 's receptionist on ` the bob newhart show ' and again on ` murphy brown ' .
hundreds of engineers are being trained .
on the court , the 25-year-old is determined to win the french open .
christmas took on new meaning for some at red cross shelters .'
 debate rages over documentary about 1996 crash of twa flight 800 .
war weariness is partly to blame : three-quarters say u.s. should n't be world 's policeman .
 australian children 's band `` the wiggles '' are an international sensation .
 rory mcilroy wins australian open by one shot .
 j.s.
the blast occurred near lebanon 's border with syria .
oscar winner `` 12 years a slave '' is nominated in the movie of the year category .
lindsey joined the hit sitcom `` the andy griffith show '' in 1964 .
 free fudge for folks who weigh more than 300 pounds .
both mccain and kerry spoke at a coca-cola plant in cairo .
 new : `` the united states is a pacific power , '' obama says in australia .
bobby jindal advocates that gop reach out beyond base .
doctors have cleared trevor bayne , 22 , to compete , his racing team says .
darrell wallace jr. wins a third-tier nascar race in martinsville .
he closes the doors to his church earlier ; church offices are dead-bolted shut .
viewers theorized it would be a big star .
crew gave them food , water and medical attention ; injuries not serious , spokesman says .
 prince charles and prince william speak out against illegal wildlife trade .
two very rich women left millions to their dogs .
he got into a confrontation with a hotel guest who tried to stop him , police said .
arsenal missed early penalty and had goalkeeper sent off .
 new : the united states appeals to uganda to respect human rights .
beat sunderland 3-1 in all premier league clash .
 rihanna posts a photo to her 34 million followers on twitter .
 the talks will take place on the south korean side of the border .
changing the default password on your iphone is complicated , but worth the security .
merrill lynch agrees to be taken over by bank of america .
wise : our nation 's bridge 's are in dire need of repair .
 naadam is mongolia 's annual sporting competition celebrated each year on the country 's independence day .
 six colombians accused of operating a robbery and kidnapping ring out of cabs .
 cnn will host a tweetchat ahead of international women 's day .
washing your hands is crucial to preventing the spread of bacteria .
the government had said gadhafi 's forces had retaken the town .
jackson estate 's debt goes down , income is up .
 tony newman : cigarettes kill 400,000 americans a year .
about 413,000 people have been forced from their homes in south sudan .
 chris hardwick hosts `` web soup '' on g4 , modeled after e!
a former chilean officer living in the u.s. is accused of the killing .
chelsea settle for 1-1 draw against galatasaray in istanbul .
the alleged victim , now 12 , `` does not want to testify , '' official says .
russia has spent $ 50 billion , and rising , on the sochi games .'
 president : sinaloa cartel boss was among `` world 's most wanted criminals '' .
 mohamed elbaradei says mubarak and suleiman are `` twins '' .
get out ! ''
ian ziering and tara reid will return .
 frankie dettori made history in 1996 by riding seven winners in seven races .
city school system , with 1.1 million students , is nation 's largest .
south korea , u.s. begin joint exercises .
 the legislation passes 72-49 ; it moves next to the senate .
 boy scout leaders will vote on ending a ban on openly gay members in may .
o'keefe said he rejected the ideas in the document .
 derek jeter is 10th on the all-time hit list for major league baseball .
he has played all 19 seasons for the yankees , america 's most famous baseball team .
a state appeals court granted a stay of execution .
city go top in the english premier league on goal difference with two games to play .
photographer gabriele galimberti visited more than 50 countries for the project .
 `` zero history '' is the final installment in a trilogy about billionaire hubertus bigend .
youtube announced it 's shutting down to decide best-ever video .
cia director leon panetta vows to cooperate , tells staff goal is not to punish anyone .
news release also included a photograph of obama in kenyan garb .
`` the major tourism destinations are perfectly safe , '' says rodolfo lopez negrete .
 ruth robinson duccini , last female munchkin , dead at 95 .
duccini was one of the diminutive members of `` wizard of oz '' cast .
the session follows hu 's meeting wednesday with president obama .
 southwest is newest airline to ease electronics rules .
jetblue , delta , united , us airways have changed their policies .
dedicates his triumph to compatriot allan simonsen .
gunmen killed a civilian driver , police say .'
 demonstrators at annual anti-war gathering chant `` down with the government '' .
anti-government protesters successfully delayed elections in bangkok 's laksi district .
 the centers for medicare and medicaid services reverses a proposed cut .
 at the festival of san ferm\xc3\xadn , there 's dancing everywhere .
organizers say the sport embraces strong , yet feminine , women .'
 al ahly and zamalek face each other in the cairo derby at the city 's international stadium .
the american made his name playing in the hsbc sevens world series .
he has now been rescued and handed over to embassy officials , south korea says .
 jeff ruby 's waterfront restaurant broke from its moorings on the ohio river .
 julian green cleared to play for u.s. against mexico on april 2 .
green was born in tampa and plays for bayern munich 's second team .
canadian marketing agency terrachoice outlines the `` six sins of greenwashing '' .
the company is holding a year-long competition for tech start-ups .
scores of couples married before an appeals court issued a temporary stay .
norovirus is suspected as cause of illness during caribbean cruise .
two suspects are under arrest , authorities say .
 ken hoinsky raised funds for what he calls a self-help book .
obama spokesman said review of aid to egypt ongoing ; no decisions made on future assistance .
we want to break the siege , '' resident says .
attorney general holder says those couples are eligible for federal benefits .
 san fernando dubbed `` christmas capital of the philippines '' for its giant lantern festival .
kiev rocked by ongoing clashes between protesters and police .
the average twitter user has 126 followers , but some novelty accounts have 1 million + .'
 manchester city will face barcelona in standout clash .
walker 's and rodas ' deaths ruled an accident by the coroner .
 environmental activists hang banner at nuclear plant .
he started imerman angels to pair patients with cancer survivors .
the reactor is now operational again , according to numerous media outlets .
the oskarshamn nuclear plant generates about 10 % of sweden 's electricity .
 new : greece 's coast guard rescues 85 migrants in a separate operation .
two tsa agents became nauseated after finding the substance .
his baby sitter , 28 , has been arrested , but she has not been charged , police say .'
 portugal receives letter from uk crown prosecution service asking to do interviews .
the secret service formed the elite unit in 1971 .
flint 's body was found in a car with her fiance 's brother , also fatally shot .
 postal service may miss september 30 payment to retiree fund .
 new : new zealand ministry says one of its citizens who was visiting libya was killed .
pakistani army has been waging a week-long crackdown on taliban .
 many women are unaware of the impact of age on fertility .
 new : mohammed wali zazi is sentenced to 4.5 years in prison .
china executes more than the rest of world combined , according to amnesty international .
at that point , the aircraft was 34,000 feet above the atlantic ocean .
 james m. mcpherson 's new book : `` tried by war '' .
`` fantastic four '' will continue as a new series called `` ff '' .
`` we will have a dialogue with the district attorney , '' detective says .
 author george pelecanos returns with his new novel , `` the cut '' .
government pledges amnesty , end to anti-protest laws .
muamba collapsed on the pitch in an fa cup quarterfinal in march .
comedian had battled non-hodgkin 's lymphoma and prostate cancer .
police : brown surrendered february 8 after woman accused him of attacking her .
air new zealand says it has been done `` tastefully ''
prosecutor says `` speed is not a particularly important element '' in inquiry into accident .
 the country 's disaster council says the death toll is 927 .
 the case is drawing parallels to the shooting of trayvon martin .
it 's possible that boredom or a low sex drive are to blame .
she was convicted of distribution of pornography .
crown prosecutor chandra fisher calls it a `` precedent-setting '' case .
 recent report says black males have a 50 % chance of being arrested by age 23 .
the world 's best map collection is in paris , says map dealer daniel crouch .
investigations are being carried out in britain and the united arab emirates .
divisive `` wolf of wall street '' has things go its way .
 in 2013 , half a dozen movies portraying the african-american experience have been released .
 a north dakota abortion law was supposed to go into effect thursday .
 tehrik-e-taliban pakistan 's cease-fire with pakistani government extended to april 10 .
he is wanted in relation to a series of deadly bombings in india .
yingluck shinawatra says the door is open for negotiations .
the protest leader on sunday urged yingluck to step down .'
contrave combines naltrexone and wellbutrin into one drug .'
michael schumacher fastest but had five-place grid penalty .
 rapper drake hosted and performed on `` snl '' january 18 .
people responding to medications , royal caribbean says .
nugent violated alaska state law by killing a bear , just days after he wounded another one .
 virgin america 's new safety video is a song-and-dance musical number .
argentine fangio won five world championships with four different teams .
some 182 people were arrested in 109 raids on sunday .
the area is a notorious hotspot for drug production and trade .'
chen yongzhou was arrested for damaging a business ' reputation .
noaa declares 2012 the hottest on record .
 police identified the remains of a missing reserve police officer .
the bridge was moved from a set of temporary piers to a set of refurbished piers .'
 visit of irish president marks first state trip to london since 1921 .
he asks : do we want congress that provides oversight , or one `` outraged '' when it fails to ?
 harbin ice and snow festival kicks off january 5 .
replica of iceland 's hallgrimskirkja church made with 12,000 meters of ice .
 in interview with cnn , president says companies sign on to plan to boost hiring .
tabloid claimed playwright was actor philip seymour hoffman 's lover .
one maker says its latest version of bios can boot in just about a second .
researcher : new treatment allows `` the spinal cord to control the muscles on its own '' .
agents questioned ex-campaign manager bill stepien 's landlord , court papers say .
 stephan schmidheiny will appeal his sentence in an italian court , his lawyer says .
 the fda says it 's received reports of thousands of pets getting sick .
the fda says most of the treats involved were made in china .
ellen degeneres hosting a second time .
he appears to have cut off his ankle monitor and fled .
abu ali was a week away from marrying off his son , but buried him instead .
 new : seaworld calls osha allegations `` unfounded '' .
saturday 's 6.8 magnitude earthquake hit balochistan in southwestern pakistan .
 cathay pacific flight cx879 from san francisco to hong kong hit by severe turbulence over japan .
 `` he was the old kind of trenchcoat-clad journalist , '' his widow says .
a paris gallery bought the painting , and a collector later purchased it .
surgeon operates robot remotely controlling up to 50 instruments on four robotic arms .
the nature of bangs and screams on the night of the shooting are in dispute .
 jim ingram worked in the fbi 's mississippi office during the turbulent 1960s .
official says government covered up saddam hussein 's anthrax plot .
branson purchased necker island in 1979 for just $ 180,000 .
snub is part of an escalation of tensions over warship naming .
agency says muslims prefer to be called `` mainstream '' instead of `` moderate ''
she was convicted of voluntary manslaughter , served less than a year .
 flags are flying at half-staff in new jersey to honor whitney houston .
justin bieber is presently renting the home of producer dallas austin .
 joseph stiglitz is a nobel economics laureate and a former world bank chief economist .
the penguin .
stallworth will be moved from alabama to florida to stand trial .
the poison is a sarin-related nerve gas used in agriculture .
california 's attorney general says a jury would have convicted him anyway .
the evidence against sirhan is `` overwhelming , '' prosecutor says .
a tour in germany pairs biking with beer gardens .
nearly two thirds said they had to cut back on their holiday donations .
planned parenthood of nyc says the campaign creates stigma .
 hartsfield-jackson atlanta international airport is the world 's busiest airport .
 lz granderson : alcohol kills tens of thousands of people a year .
 senate votes to fund the federal government into 2012 , putting off any possible shutdown .
endorsements reassure customers about quality of products , she says .
 new : testing reveals remains belong to a male , officials say .
third woman is rescued ; border agent found dead at home .'
he received prosthetic eye implants that restore his appearance , but not his sight .
 gang participation charges will be pursued against suspects .
he was last seen january 31 , his remains found february 6 .'
begg spent nearly three years at bagram airbase and the guantanamo bay prison camp .
 new : obama challenges congressional republicans to work with him on creating jobs .
gov.
the late pontiff 's secretary gave the swatch to the church after john paul 's 2005 death .
 u.n. envoy robert serry , a group of palestinian christians proceed through the old city .
 obama plan would replace the commerce department .
government denies neglect and put emergency measures in place after collapse .'
 official : the united states will seek to extradite joaquin `` el chapo '' guzman .
analyst : mexico will want to prosecute him , keep him in prison .
 movies from tommy lee jones and bennett miller will compete at cannes .
 gabriel garc\xc3\xada m\xc3\xa1rquez has infections that are being treated by antibiotics .
pelosi : the priority is stopping political groups from getting tax breaks .
 naval observatory traced path of russian rocket booster at time of witness reports .
timing indicates it was likely the russian booster , naval observatory says .
 michaels fought to stay conscious during brain hemorrhage .
attacks in syria claim 13 lives and injure dozens .
 standard incandescent light bulbs will no longer be manufactured .
 the court of appeal rules that anwar ibrahim is guilty of sodomizing an aide .
a court had acquitted anwar of the charge in 2012 .
 william spengler killed his grandmother with a hammer in 1980 .
 former ming pao chief editor kevin lau stabbed three times .
president obama praises petraeus ' dedication and patriotism .
innovative boarders are surfing city rivers .
police say the balcony 's railing broke and she landed on construction scaffolding .
iran has been isolated internationally over its nuclear program .
 taylor swift cut off her trademark long hair on tuesday .
krystle tanner of san augustine , texas , is in custody in the alleged kidnapping .
she had alleged she was forced to leavehome ; parents said she left on her own .
treatment for `` silent '' heart attacks is similar to that for regular attacks .
 nelta jacques and her two daughters disappeared in june 1999 .
relatives were notified a minivan found in a canal wednesday was registered to jacques .
gregory mcwherter was at a naval base in california as a commander .
golfers hope to follow the lead set by china 's masters sensation guan tianlang .
davis co-founded the festival 40 years ago in louisiana .
 mark walton was disney animator who did temporary voice track for `` bolt '' .
rand paul 's straw poll win raises profile and expectations .
there was a confrontation with a suspected militant .
democrats call it hypocritical .
russian prime minister : georgia 's actions are `` crime against their own people . ''
government and companies reach an agreement to resolve differences .'
rafael peralta died in 2004 while fighting in iraq .
three defense secretaries have not approved the award 's nomination .
 afp says staff reporter sardar ahmad is among those killed in an attack on a kabul hotel .
 the arrests include the suspected leader of an organized crime group .
but `` six strikes '' is different from either sopa or pipa ; it 's a warning system managed by isps .
`` the good luck of right now '' and quick 's other books are being adapted for film .
 gen. stanley mcchrystal is n't the first general who clashed with commander-in-chief .
 maya rudolph is returning to nbc with a variety special .
 the defendant was visa chief at a u.s. consulate in vietnam .
he says gap is 14 times gdp , worse than that of greece .
wildstein was named to executive level post in agency soon after .
 neil young is introducing pono , his high-resolution digital music service .
a new statement from islamist militants threatens further attacks in russia .
the bahrain government says it addresses grievances , investigates abuse .'
it 's their second official engagement together and their first in scotland .
observation units can be very helpful .
during his rule , there were massacres in provinces with heavy indigenous populations .'
 the protests erupted earlier in the week amid rising food prices .
report also emphasizes importance of obtaining high school diploma .
 authorities in bulgaria , greece arrest around a dozen people .
only 59 ef5 storms have hit the u.s. since 1950 ; arkansas has been spared so far .
 new : u.s. knew about alleged torture photos in november , state department officials say .
prince philip , 91 , may be hospitalized for up to two weeks .
 former facebook exec randi zuckerberg will appear in `` rock of ages '' .
obama pushes for ` direct dialogue ' between dalai lama , chinese .
he offers the so-called trayvon martin targets to two other officers , who say no .
three-quarters of traditional french restaurants sell hamburgers .
the french burger is different , apparently -- more gourmet .'
three tank cars that fell into the james river were being hauled out thursday .
another incident late friday or early saturday in kansas reported .
the fires are being fueled by hot , dry weather and high winds .'
santorum is very much keeping his name in the 2016 mix by visiting critical early primary states .
 ryan moore wins par 3 contest at augusta .
 facebook graph search to have extra protections for minors .
 a 13.6 billion-year-old star has been dated by australian astronomers .
gov.
proceeds from the beer go to benefit non-profit ` the giving kitchen ' .
the weapon was designed in 1947 by mikhail kalashnikov .'
 a college student was killed on a train in san francisco .
gridiron heroes provides emotional and financial support to the players and their families .
the president reiterates that the u.s. war against al qaeda is not a war on islam .
 new : `` 12 years a slave '' and `` american hustle '' win the big prizes .
 the team is ranked 204th in fifa soccer standings .
group says it targeted police brigadier general and security officials .
rasmussen says stoltenberg is `` right man '' for post .
 `` quantum of solace '' debuts friday and picks up where `` casino royale '' left off .
now richard heene says he only pleaded guilty to keep wife from deportation .
 defense : trayvon martin exchanged angry texts on the days he was killed .
the governor 's `` choose respect '' campaign aims to change that .
 human rights watch releases annual report looking at more than 90 countries .
the moeraki boulders in new zealand are what geologists call septarian concretions .
the president formally accepts najib mikati 's resignation as prime minister .
the u.s. has lobbied other countries to boost sanctions against iran .
iran has dismissed suspicions that it is enriching uranium to build a nuclear bomb .
 leo messi has signed a new contract with la liga giant barcelona .
researchers used dna to track historical mixing .'
teammate nico rosberg finishes second to extend title lead .
minute 's silence for those missing on disappeared flight mh370 .
blues two points above third-placed manchester city after saturday 's win .
reforms opened country up economically to the outside world .
video showed lien being dragged from his suv and beaten .
 grace amey-obeng is the founder and ceo of cosmetic empire , fc group of companies .
vehicle incident prompts stampede in southern india .
an arrest warrant was issued for kahlil malik tatum .
astronaut set to announce name on `` the colbert report '' on tuesday night .
ibm analytics group says sales monday were up 15 % over last year .
2010 was the first time cyber monday was biggest online shopping day .
more than 7 % of online sales were made with mobile devices .
 eu commission 's president jose manuel barroso snubs invitation to euro 2012 final .
dibaba 's cousin derartu tulu won two olympic gold medals .
three north korean sailors have been rescued , 2 bodies have been recovered .'
an improvement in the president 's approval rating could help democrats in midterms .
sole survivor : `` mom just drove the car into the water ''
steve mcqueen-directed slavery drama wins best film and best actor awards .
 a journal written by gunman darion aguilar indicates he had mental health issues .
a charge could be a misdemeanor or a more serious felony .
 just under 200 marines head to base in southern italy .
 flavor flav avoids a trial on felony charges with misdemeanor plea .
manchester city defeated west ham 5-0 in league cup .'
the win lifts arsenal back above everton and into the final champions league spot .
officer `` acted accordingly '' and is cleared of wrongdoing , report says .
former u.s. international says it is ` impossible ' to come out while still playing football .
 libyans voted july 7 for a general national congress , a 200-seat assembly .
navarrette says those who hire illegal immigrants should be jailed .
 boston bombing suspects turned out to be different .
parents , children say they are now too scared to go to school in the region .
he says in his studies he has found no alternative therapy for cancer that is effective .
 more retailers are offering deals for online shoppers , experts say .
 wisconsin couple say some books too risque for library 's young-adult section .
33-story residential high-rise was under construction in downtown boston .
alayban was arrested in california after servant went to police .
pap test has been first way to diagnose cervical cancer for 60 years .
sevens will make its olympic bow in rio with 12-team tournaments for both sexes .
barcelona win 1-0 at sporting gijon to stay five points clear of real at the top .
police want to talk to singer black madam , whom they have linked to the procedure .
 more than 200 pounds of chocolate are consumed at caf\xc3\xa9 fleuri 's buffet chocolate bar each saturday .
 fashion designer john galliano will teach at parsons the new school for design .
 a filibuster of a texas abortion bill was trending worldwide on twitter .
kerry says feuding leaders might meet next week .'
she said she thinks other stars do n't want to be associated with her .
 minnesota beat out new orleans and indianapolis for the honor .
spanish authorities arrested jose carlos berganti\xc3\xb1os diaz , federal prosecutors say .
a friend picked up the missing limb which had been crushed in the collision .'
 google has unveiled its own version of a driverless car with no steering wheel and pedals .
`` winner '' failed to claim $ 50 million powerball jackpot in 2002 .
it further alleges she suffered cardiac arrest and massive brain damage .
julian told cnn in september he believed in the iraq mission .
pouri nourmohammadi 's mother was expecting him in frankfurt , germany .
 one parliamentarian was killed and another was seriously injured .
lugo was a roman catholic bishop before he became president .
 shipping industry more harmful than previously thought .
 russia criticizes british royal family over prince charles controversy .
 adam sandler and drew barrymore reunite in `` blended '' .
band 's albums , including `` fun house '' and `` raw power , '' were influential .
`` he was like my brother , '' iggy pop wrote on facebook .
the protesters accuse security forces of opening fire .
two more cases connected to the rape are still to be resolved .
miranda barbour and her husband are charged with murder in pennsylvania .
 `` true detective '' season one finale aired sunday .
longtime men-only clubs and organizations are gradually opening doors to women .
the world had lots to say about macfarlane as oscar host .
 new : tuesday , the last day of voting , is declared a public holiday .
the guantanamo base is also ordered to turn over videotaped forced feedings .
sen. barack obama second at 24 percent , john edwards at 16 percent .
`` it was almost like everybody wanted to exhale tonight , '' clippers coach doc rivers says .
it was a challenge to live her platform at home , she says .
 craig michael wood , 45 , is charged with first-degree murder .
 new : change will have no effect `` other than the name in his records , '' says army spokesman .
representative for paterson says skit ridiculed people with physical disabilities .
`` saturday night live '' has a history of skewering politicians .
 new : oscar pistorius told security guards everything was fine , guard supervisor testifies .
a new overpass caught fire in hesperia , california .
the family of the woman disputed claims by winston 's attorney that it was consensual sex .
whatsapp adding voice calls to its messaging service .
 artist rachel sussman 's book , `` the oldest living things , '' comes out on earth day .
federal forced spending cuts lead to cancellations .
 nba advisory and finance committee meets thursday .
guardiola won the european champions league in 2009 .
 only three dozen of the andaman and nicobar islands are inhabited .
 john travolta totally messed up the pronunciation of `` idina menzel '' .
 bayern munich president uli hoeness facing jail for tax evasion .
 fauja singh , 101 , completes final race in hong kong .
the recliners ' manufacturer did not respond to cnn .
the blaze injured 23 firefighters and 11 civilians , and its cause is being investigated .'
goals from carlos tevez , claudio marchisio and fernando llorente for juve .
flight simulators are commonly used by pilots in their downtime .
 an appellate court rules statute of limitations had expired .
obama has higher ratings than bill clinton or ronald reagan did at same time .
 dozens of people are hurt in protests in new delhi 's government district .
michael owen claims three successful winners .
 eight days of rain contributed to flooding in atlanta .
 mercedes and ferrari show support for michael schumacher on first day of testing .
`` we are sorry for daniel that he will not be awarded the 18 points ... '' red bull said .
 kilian sch\xc3\xb6nberger explores wild landscapes in the region of middle europe .
 maria sharapova into french open final in paris .
they use gaff 's hook to hold him up until others assist .
mvp drew brees inspires first super bowl triumph for the saints in their 43-year history .
kyle white and comrades were ambushed in 2007 in afghanistan .
 uk police say six new cases have come to light of a male intruder targeting children .
 atletico madrid defeats barcelona in champions league .
 u.s. investigators found evidence files deleted even after february 3 .
a federal court has already ruled that he must testify .'
selma was struggling before recession hit -- a `` double whammy , '' mayor says .
it follows the 2013 abdications of belgium 's albert ii and the netherlands ' queen beatrix .
 horse racing 's greatest sprinter , black caviar , returns to track after long absence .
depending on outcome at lightning stakes , it could be one of her last races .
most mother-child transmission of hiv is preventable with drugs and education .
money raised will go toward the goal of ending mother-child transmission by 2015 .'
the princess maintained her innocence , lawyers at the hearing tell cnn .
the fund tries to save sites in developing countries .
 the kentucky derby is held the first saturday in may .
grace made birdie on the first extra hole to take the trophy .
jobs replied to fans ' e-mails throughout his tenure at apple .
 it has been nearly 20 years since mozambique 's civil war ended .
a man carrying one of the bags was charged with possessing a hoax device .
with a number of vulnerable democrats in the senate , gop thinks it can win control .
 nigeria 's president is under fire for his government 's elimination of a popular fuel subsidy .
hagel says sanctions and isolation will hurt russia .
arson attacks on muslim properties took place in other towns over the weekend .
 robert novak says he will undergo chemotherapy for malignant brain tumor .
 nearly 9 million pounds of meat from one california slaughterhouse was recalled .
 cesc fabregas signs five-year contract with chelsea .
bayern great resigns from club president and board chairman roles .
it openly sells marijuana-growing equipment but not the drug itself .
new : his family expressed `` sadness , '' and thanks all those for their support .
 character actor dies in his sleep at home in california .
bayern hope to complete domestic double next week .'
the protesters complain about the operation .'
this year , for halloween , martha stewart is a `` fairy godmartha '' .
 pope francis prays for peace in syria , ukraine , other spots .
 cornealious `` mike '' anderson was convicted of robbery in 1999 .
mokshda says its system reduces emissions by up to 60 % .'
gadhafi , other former officials face charges , including killing protesters , in 2011 uprising .
 zoo : puppy will be a calming influence as the cubs grow up away from the wilderness .
races 17 and 18 in san francisco scheduled for tuesday .
event spokesman : faa inspected balloons ; all safety records were up to date .
share your own self-portrait as part of cnn ireport 's cultural census .
`` my husband is a survivor , '' says barbara welsh .  ''
sfo museum is the only airport museum accredited by the american alliance of museums .
new : gerry adams has vehemently denied any role in the killing .
jean mcconville was abducted , killed and buried in 1972 .
 gunfire erupted friday night outside a miami funeral home , police say .
 facebook released the messenger app for smartphones on tuesday .
the airline says its know me program will allow for more personalized , friendly service .
mozambique 's flag features a gun , symbolizing the country 's struggle for independence .
now 36 , mellberg plays for danish club fc copenhagen .
new : president obama says the state department is reviewing the report .
 lebo m conducted and sang on the movie the lion king .
authorities identify the woman as 39-year-old megan huntsman .
not everyone needs to be tested for the gene mutation .
santos won more votes than any presidential candidate in colombian history .'
 jonathan fleming , 52 , files notice of claim for $ 162 million lawsuit against city , police , prosecutors .
ghana 's asamoah gyan hits crossbar with a penalty in the last minute of extra time .
 the two americans were found dead onboard the maersk alabama on february 18 .
 vintage huey helicopter rides over victoria falls began in 2013 .
there has been a rise in separatist violence in restive xinjiang province .'
 obama condemns bombings , pledges u.s. support for iraq election .
chad pulls 850 troops from african-led peacekeeping force after allegation of attack by its soldiers .
the remains were incinerated a second time and disposed of in a landfill .
the mortuary had erroneously assumed that no remains were left , report says .
environmentalists protest outside the headquarters of duke energy .
a group called the conficker cabal is trying to hunt down solutions .
rebels are also implicated in the commission of war crimes , report says .
he 's been banned for biting opponents twice and for racial abuse once .
 washington , d.c. offers celebrations rich in pomp and circumstance .
barry , author of more than 30 books , has a new book on parenting .
iraqi officials say 17 were killed in baghdad 's nusoor square on september 16 .
officer steve arkell was fatally shot after responding to a domestic dispute .
a big issue involves the drugs used in executions , and where states are getting them .
south korea offered aid , and the north requested a list of aid items .
 prosecutors ask to keep dzhokhar tsarnaev from viewing autopsy photos .
one issue involves standoff between china and vietnam .
 fbi director james comey says dozens of u.s. residents have gone to syria .
new : main pakistani taliban faction claims responsibility , calls for fresh talks .
iran says its nuclear program is for peaceful purposes .
maria sharapova and serena williams safely through to second round .'
 apple : fix coming for ` white/black screen of death ' .
but has been rebooting iphones using apple 's ios 7 .
u.s. census bureau reports lower numbers , only counts those uninsured for full year .
he joined forces with bin laden during the soviet invasion of afghanistan .
it was seized from bin laden 's compound in abbottabad , pakistan .
 an afghan border policeman was killed in a clash at a checkpoint .
 1988 champ bill elliott was nascar 's most popular driver 16 times .
 angelina jolie tops annual forbes list despite a three-year hiatus from the big screen .
civil rights leaders of the 1960s , including malcolm x , were active in the area .
 rooney will be buried at hollywood forever , resting place of many stars .
the former world number one has been out since he withdrew from players championship .
 four people are arrested by uk police on suspicion of syria-related terror offenses .
police say a number of people have traveled to the battlefields of syria .'
a 16-year-old transgender boy wants to attend p.e.
his manager reveals a journalist tried to enter his room disguised as a priest .
 nypd focuses on sex trafficking in crackdown .
detective : the nearly 200 arrests are in line with other sweeps .'
recalled cases were from wolverine packing co. .
 new : five tornadoes touch down in colorado and minnesota .
the source is a member of harakat-ul-mujahedeen , a pakistani-based militant group .
 estate spokesman says belt deal was not approved .
escobar also acted in the 2001 film `` blow ''
all 5 federal suits allege clash courted and seduced underage teens .
like bob saget on `` himym , '' she wo n't be seen .
his father 's advice -- `` you marry to make someone else happy '' -- proved to have mass appeal .
 doping allegations against lance armstrong bring out conflicting views over his legacy .
 the man 's parachute failed to deploy and he died on the scene .
 a texas woman apparently infected her female partner with hiv .
adam scott wins colonial tournament after playoff with jason dufner .'
what could it be ?
maxwell , who routinely visited offshore rigs , says inspectors did little real work .
shower every night to remove any outdoor allergens .
seth meyers : `` if it was n't for david letterman , i would n't be here '' .
saturday 's opening stage won by germany 's marcel kittel .
new : pope francis is the fifth pontiff whom queen elizabeth has met .
grizzle : `` we do n't condone '' errors , but `` we presume the good intent of our controllers '' .
 vanity fair hollywood issue features six performers of color .
cevallos : dunn is not george zimmerman ; his self-defense case is comparatively weak .
exposure therapy is a behavioral therapy used for ocd .
 john allen muhammad is executed by the state of virginia on tuesday night .
`` i am black .
 an sec lawsuit names kwame kilpatrick and his former treasurer .
 former royal caribbean worker charged in 24 burglaries .
isaf spokesman says it is `` highly likely '' close air support caused the deaths .
fbi investigating blackwater ; contract will be reviewed afterward .
human rights watch says the changes to the system , however , are only cosmetic .
 christian broadcaster harold camping predicted the end of the world would begin may 21 .
what do you think ?
newman was taken off a departing plane by north korean authorities , his son says .
 bardem , prendergast : congo has had 10 years of war and suffering .
 the storm largely spared new york city .
 vice president joe biden , visiting japan , meets with prime minister shinzo abe .
zimmer tells cnn that christie played politics with sandy recovery funds .
 guatemala native pedro zapeta a dishwasher in the u.s. for 11 years .
the illegal immigrant tried to bring $ 59,000 in savings back to guatemala .
the rapper was charged with ransacking a bedroom during an argument .'
 germany books place in semifinal of world cup .
the beef from beef packers inc. was sold under different brand names .
salmonella strain found in two people is resistant to commonly prescribed drugs , agency says .'
 ashley england was having a difficult time with her special needs son at a restaurant .
fighter jets escorted the cargo hauler to germany without incident .
 jackson , mississippi , tops the list of the worst cities for allergy sufferers .
 study finds 46 percent of travelers enjoyed using web to book travel this year .
research group says the ads make up a third of craigslist 's revenue .
 south korea 's archery team break first world records of 2012 games .
the lineup also includes a block of football on thursday nights .
republicans voted more than 50 times to repeal obamacare after it was enacted .'
navarrette : now women have to assert control over their own life stories .
falling trees kill two people in arkansas .
international airlines have on board systems that allow them to land with next to no visibility .
goal sees borussia dortmund go level on points with both arsenal and napoli .
 a new exhibition is demonstrating how robotics have revolutionized surgery .
the cdc says `` at no time '' were workers or the public in danger .
the school 's famed marching 100 band was suspended after champion 's death .
then you may have been on a volunteer vacation .
kaguri is also supporting area grandmothers who have been raising them .
 gov.
this year the contest splits into male and female divisions .
 gop contenders attack herman cain 's `` 9-9-9 '' tax plan .
 the 40-year-old asian elephant was shot april 2013 .
lawsuit alleges sterling `` dangled money only if '' king would have sex with him .
former garden city mayor : `` it makes it nice to have those different cultures ''
police say 52 officers have been wounded in weeks of violence .
 a judge sends portwood to prison for dropping out of court-ordered drug rehab .
 suzuki to rejoin motogp for the 2015 season .
ganymede is one of several moons in our solar system that may support life .
an ` exasperated ' obama says no negotiations until the government reopens .
they say that we have to intensify our efforts on hiv cure research .
the ash is dangerous for a number of reasons , says the darwin volcanic ash advisory center .
if a relationship status changes , the app notifies the user .
game recreates key phases of the war , `` presents the culture of the resistance '' .
conservatives see obama administration as playing to `` fears '' of minority voters .
 car bomb in mosul targeting security patrol kills nine people , police say .
separate deadly clashes break out in mosul , killing 10 .
sparks was first sent to the hospital after taping an episode of `` wipeout '' in october .
the island 's national symbol is a sheep -- a very shy one .
cyprus is home to what may be the world 's oldest wine .
 james arthur ray is sentenced to a total of two years in prison .
the account of the buddhist boy tagged in the photo is deleted .
 deen says he shot an adult film with `` teen mom 's '' farrah abraham .
 chinese police intercepted more than 3,600 crocodiles near china-vietnam border .
noh finishes on 19-under 269 in new orleans .
iran is the target of international sanctions for other aspects of its nuclear program .'
new : agency acknowledges that procedures need to be changed .
 `` dawn of the planet of the apes '' features scenes that stick with you .
 labor government sending people who arrive by boat to offshore processing centers .
`` f.a.m.e. ''
on bravo .
 luis suarez facing race against time to be fit for 2014 world cup .
 over 18 dinosaur skeletons illegally smuggled to u.s. returned to mongolian official .
a descendant of khoi , the first people to live near the mountain showed barnett a sacred place .
state department contractors accessed files of sens.
there are currently two african-american members of the u.s. senate .'
at least 60 injured in the blast at the shrine of a sufi saint .
 man worked on a disney cruise line ship .
both candidates ' campaigns objected to another day of voting .
rapist later raped , killed a woman in missouri .
 arms ship heads towards angola .
19 percent say they are less likely to vote for a mormon , poll shows .
15-year-old suspect , dominique lang , charged as adult .
she has a son , max , with her ex-husband , jordan bratman .
a million syrian refugees are now registered with the u.n. 's refugee agency in lebanon .
but scotland yard said it was most likely no one else was involved in williams ' death .
no group has claimed responsibility for the attack in the north waziristan .'
u.s. marshals allege that ian jackson macdonald faked a heart attack to escape .
 louisville , kentucky came out on top for more than horses and bourbon .
the top speed has increased 75 mph to 205 mph .'
 human rights campaign : `` the argument is simply ridiculous '' .
u.s. preventive services task force to give prostate specific antigen testing a `` d '' rating .
 postville , iowa , priest : `` every elected politician ... should bow their heads in shame '' .
golden nugget casinos have atms that dispense gold .
 risk factors for anal cancer include suppressed immune system , hpv , stds .
new cases of anal cancer number about 5,000 a year , with 680 deaths per year .
 drake lashed out at rolling stone on twitter .
the video statement was posted online , the site intelligence group says .
experts call african governments to invest in agriculture research and infrastructure .'
college student denison , 19 , was found dead in february .
 new : flag raised at embassy in washington .
`` three little pigs '' project aims at structural improvements that are available to all .
 aruban prosecutor says new evidence has surfaced in holloway case .
u.s. ambassador : families are crying out for closure .
have information ?
 children around the country are starting businesses with help from parents and educators .
not likely .'
 even kids summer camps are getting more specialized .
the baby was missing for about six hours after the car she was in was stolen .
the shooting stemmed from an ongoing dispute between the rapper and suspect , police say .
steenkamp did not have her hand over her head , former cop says .
the leapband rewards children for physical activity .
 `` the internet of cuba is trapped in the 1990s , '' google 's eric schmidt writes .
 new : more than 40 killed in paktika market attack .
new : the u.n. says it 's the single worst attack this year in afghanistan .
russian prime minister : georgia 's actions are `` crime against their own people . ''
 egyptians will go to the polls on may 26 and 27 to elect a new president .
other lessons ?
 `` the curious case of benjamin button '' about a man who ages backwards .
 malaysia airlines offers full refunds , waives change fees following mh17 crash .
shooter was killed by church `` security staff member , '' police say .
she says loss of sexual privacy would be destructive to the human condition .
 the northern lights are seen as far south as atlanta and memphis , tennessee .
the use of a 2013 mercedes car and drivers to test tires may breach fia rules .
 virgin atlantic is testing google 's wearable technology at heathrow airport .
 the two pilots of an asiana airlines cargo plane are believed to have been killed .
film is about detective , played by jack nicholson , who stumbles into major scandal .
 `` 22 jump street '' opened strong this weekend .
lifetime alimony unfair , but very rare , she says .
 new : officials : islamic militant leader adan hashi ayrow killed by u.s. strike .
grew up in sydney suburbs and opened her restaurant in 2000 .
 johnnie to is one of hong kong 's most prolific directors .
 damien hirst is thought to be the wealthiest living artist .
 naoto kan became prime minister of japan in june 2010 .
russia must end this war , '' the u.s. ambassador to the u.n. said .
 cho is a contemporary architect from south korea .
 zhou xun is one of the most famous actresses in china .
 diana nyad wore a custom-made silicone face mask to protect her against jellyfish stings .
authorities are on the lookout for up to three possible attackers .
 cnn 's nick paton walsh reports on the unfolding crisis in ukraine .
kovats was to compete in the second world wingsuit championships .
one court said subsidies are only available for state-run insurance exchanges .
 northern ireland 's deputy first minister martin mcguinness meets the queen .
 `` dads '' had been critically bashed .
zuma will rest for a few days and work from home , an official says .
3 isaf troops were killed sunday in an ied attack .
u.s. secretary of defense leon panetta called afghan president hamid karzai on saturday .
 mom2mom provides peer counseling , support and referrals in new jersey .
our table is based on fifa ranking , manager salary and population size .
jerry brown signed the bill into law this week .
he says delays in release of clinton records have concerned historians .
 va is contacting 1,700 veterans in phoenix to schedule appointments .
one fisherman returned to north korea on tuesday .
no civilians were harmed in the airstrike , isaf says .
opening statements begin in a courtroom just two miles from dodger stadium .'
vieira instead opted to play for france and was proud to do so .
 `` sorry for missing gigs , '' lange tweets from hospital .
passengers can attend screenings of anderson films and have a q and a with the director .
nicol david and nick matthew claim squash titles .'
` remember your dead , ' chant protesters angry over mine response .
edna kiplagat wins women 's race for kenya .
primatologists say chimps in captivity can live up to age 60 .
 women are candidates in several key senate races .
 doctors say the inappropriate use of steroids worsened many cases .
the united states killed bin laden on may 2 .
drones are used overseas in counterterror operations .
abu khatallah gave information before and after he was told his miranda rights .
list notes which celebrities ' names are most likely to yield links to malicious sites .
mikhail khodorkovsky was released friday after 10 years in prison .
spain defeats australia 3-0 in other game .'
 state department steps up pressure on qatar over u.s. couple 's conviction .
talks are the first aimed at bringing a negotiated settlement to the afghan conflict .
chung announces : `` i should take responsibility for everything '' .
 tommy chong says he has `` slow stage one '' prostate cancer .
 new : genevieve sabourin says she had romantic date with alec baldwin .
 philadelphia police sgt.
gross is serving a 15-year sentence for bringing satellite equipment to island .
 `` better call saul '' is working title for `` breaking bad '' spinoff .
military initially said names of pilot , weapons officer would be released .
chris pratt is a natural as leading man .
obama said there was progress in the negotiations , but more work is needed .
 the epa has challenged some car companies on their gas mileage claims .
 is this knee implant really made from spider 's silk ?
blumenthal is the latest celebrity chef to contribute to in-flight menus .
nathaniel e. kibby , 34 , was arraigned on a felony kidnapping charge .
she returned home last week ; investigators have revealed few details about what happened .
obama and secretary of state hillary clinton addressed separate gay pride events .
 the man had dressed the corpses in clothing , police say .
 small town of nelson , georgia , passed a law in april requiring residents own guns .
the brady center says the law violates the u.s. constitution .
 costa rica 's rich landscape is dotted with hot springs where visitors can unwind .
 brooklyn-based designer lauren o'neil turns airport runways into art .
clashes had started before the match , and broke out again at half time .
 ken ballen interviewed taliban leaders and fighters over two years .
 african diaspora can boost continent 's prosperity , says amini kajunju .
they can dispel myths about africa and help shape foreign policy , she says .
 netflix signs a multiyear deal with mitch hurwitz .
official results show a clear majority for one party , a first in three decades for india .
 new : pentagon reports no missile launches .
a family member of the woman says the fbi confirmed she died in syria .
 two soldiers were killed by ied in kandahar province on thursday .
the result of the first round had to be finalized after a fraud investigation .'
now , the 23-year-old has made a youtube business out of filming them in london .
the fire appears to have started in the trunk , official says .'
police say daniel simmons , 34 , met a 16-year-old boy through popular gay dating app grindr .
ultimately the decision is in the hands of the shareholders who must consider the deal carefully .
dermond 's body was found friday in lake oconee .
but a similar 1999 ruling was overturned on appeal .
 the cpsc is suing the makers of buckyballs and buckycubes .
contractor was transporting the tapes .
obama views flood damage in paterson and wayne , new jersey .
an attorney for the suspect 's mother says teen has rare form of ocd .
held off teammate lewis hamilton in second place .
 new : jurors deliberate nearly 11 hours over 3 days .
william hague had served as uk foreign secretary for the past four years .
 at least 13 people were injured when two tour buses collided in new york 's times square .
new plans include free screenings and immunizations .'
jones and others were on railroad tracks when train came through .
murray talked to nbc in trial 's `` waning days ''
 developer has asked lower manhattan development corp. for funds .
 new : michael jackson died soon after self-injecting propofol , dr. paul white testifies .
the athlete 's defense will make its closing arguments on friday .
no sunscreen provides 100 % protection so reapply every two hours .
the terror attack in benghazi killed four americans .
 testimony ends in the trial of dr. conrad murray .
 more than 40 heads of state attend first africa summit in the u.s. this week .
 measles hit the philippines in the wake of typhoon haiyan .
 the bay area and detroit have the most arrests and child rescues .
panel advises lower maximum doses of nonprescription acetaminophen drugs .
 fda : contaminated shipments of heparin traced from china .
 jodie foster quietly married her girlfriend over the weekend .
investigators are looking into whether the deaths could to linked to other dolphin killings .
widodo declares it 's a `` new phase in our history '' .
federal police took the six to the pachuca hospital , state health agency says .
12 in the world , troicki 's ranking has fallen to 842nd .
david cameron ex-aide and murdoch confidant rebekah brooks deny the charges .
university is suing ryan o'neal for an andy warhol portrait of fawcett .
 u.s. and russian authorities interview tamerlan and dzhokhar tsarnaev 's parents .
amman stand-up comedy festival now in its third successful year .
 this is the latest in a string of moves by government to force islamist group underground .
 the cases include 20 deaths , and 102 infection cases .
clinic patients praise murray 's work .
it unveils a new logo .
new : at least 20 people are dead in serbia and bosnia-herzegovina .
the all-american soap box derby has launched racing and engineering careers .
china operates 13 nuclear reactors and is building more than two dozen others .
 channing tatum 's `` magic mike '' sequel is officially under way .
a carter trip to pyongyang has been in the works for weeks , professor says .
 michael jackson , the `` king of pop , '' made headlines for more than his music .
 the statue of a woman dates back about 2,000 years .
recording ceo : jackson `` influenced everyone who has come after him ''
 the defense expects to rest tuesday , lawyer barry roux says .
oscar pistorius re-enacted his version of shooting on video .
isis wants to form an islamist state in syria .
the companies are being promoted as part of london technology week .
findus nordic ceo calls comigel `` the villain '' .
jared followill tweets : `` this was the most fun tour in a while .
artisanal baijiu producers crop up in the united states .
 wording of nebraska ` safe haven ' law allows parents to dump teenagers .
law 's original intent was to protect unwanted newborns .
 didier drogba signs a two-year deal with china 's shanghai shenhua .
paris hilton slams a fake mandela tweet purporting to be from her .
guy adams of london 's independent tweeted an nbc executive 's e-mail address .
posey dances for lopez at the teen choice awards .
 a stunning art collection confiscated from cornelius gurlitt has been returned to him .
new : vail 's coo laments `` an incomprehensible loss '' to the community , the seiberts .
the country finds itself split between closer ties with the eu and cooperating more with russia .
 iran has threatened to block flow of oil through strait of hormuz if u.s. sanctions its oil .
about 40 % of the company 's business is in emerging markets , he says .
chris christie , it says .
have information ?
police say markoff met brisman on popular online classifieds web site .
college student denison , 19 , was found dead in february .
 patrick mcdermott broke up with olivia newton-john the day before he vanished .
brian cuban is fighting to have holocaust denial groups banned from site .
 a ucla professor of medicine happens upon the true origins of cinco de mayo , he says in a book .
the french sympathized with confederacy , and u.s. latinos supported the union .
the new seats are only available on selected routes .
 french lawmakers to consider whether burka threatens french secularism .
texas battle over where to stop when light turns red .'
egypt 's international tourism industry has been negatively affected by the 2011 revolution .
 `` the hundred-foot journey '' is based on the 2010 novel and directed by lasse hallstr\xc3\xb6m .
nintendo is hoping the software will help sell hardware .
a judiciary meeting chaired by president hamid karzai clears them for release .
 justin bieber seems to have responded to allegations of an attempted robbery .
 xinhua identifies female astronauts who could be on crew .
prosecutors said he was an accessory to nearly 28,000 deaths .'
low-cost carrier flybe said it had put additional safety checks into place following february 12 incident .
only one owner of any of the league 's 32 teams has ever been suspended .
the golden couple of tennis have won 30 grand slam singles titles between them .
currently , amazon dominates the e-reader and e-book marketplace .
meeting comes on heels of controversy involving holocaust denier .
 the taliban reject s u.n. report this week on afghan casualties .
 cnn 's ireport boot camp challenges ireporters to improve storytelling chops .
 the trade and industry minister yukio edano approved a request for a 1 trillion yen injection .
the who has invested $ 100 million into plans to contain it , the world bank pledged $ 200 million .
the company promoted vioxx for rheumatoid arthritis before it had approval .
the man stepped out onto a highway , officials say .
a u.s. soldier is accused of killing 16 afghan civilians .
the garland shade light by tord boontje features a doilylike shade in brass or silver .
 three american hikers were detained last week by iranian officials .
 liberian alfred lomax took up surfing five years ago , shortly after the end of the civil war .
the company expects its cst-100 spacecraft to be operational by 2015 .
henrikh mkhitaryan and pierre-emerick aubameyang on target for dortmund .
two other soldiers who signed the new york times piece died in 2007 .
lisa genova decided to self-publish after her book was turned down by agents .
residents are allowed to go into the area for two hours .
he lost his polar bear companion , geebee , in january .
companies building hardware seem to struggle for investors .
french influence is prominent in san sebastian , spain .
the prime minister tells reporters that betrayal exposed the spy network .
shooting took place just after 11 a.m.  store evacuated following incident .'
iphones would synch with lights , appliances , security .
 manchester city go top after a 2-0 victory over newcastle .
earlier saturday , an attack in kirkuk targeted a marketplace .'
profits from wildlife trafficking are between $ 8 billion to $ 10 billion a year .
under lendl , murray won his lone two grand slam singles titles .
 the alberta resident who died of h5n1 had recently traveled to beijing , health minister says .
most people who have died of the virus had close contact with poultry .
hamill is one of the many `` episode vii '' actors was recently announced .
`` when it gets to my desk i will sign it , '' governor says .
obama in the past asked for the drone back .'
 mila kunis has opened up about her pregnancy and engagement .
 new : the moratorium goes into effect august 1 .
the indonesian government says it should have been informed prior to the beheading .
2 : ` do something ' .
 producers make `` adjustments '' because of harrison ford 's broken leg .
 two missing , 23 other passengers and crew were rescued on sunday .
 justice department gave legal advice to defense department on the swap .
style is something different in everyone , herrera says .'
sandberg says it should be a ` badge of honor ' to mentor women into top roles .
after unsuccessful negotiations , suspect shoots at officers , who return fire and kill him .'
 not much of a military presence on the streets of thailand 's capital .
research suggests the distortion could be a side effect of global warming .'
 market for contemporary african art has exploded in the last five years , says expert .
green is the campaign color of mir hossein moussavi .
abou zeid was a commander of al qaeda in the islamic maghreb .
abou zeid was killed in the ifoghas mountains , where the hunt for militants continues .'
 police say no texts , calls , placed after ship sank , yonhap news agency reports .
two employees have been terminated , schnatter says .
 the fit nation team has named themselves the `` sassy six '' .
 the inmates will eat bread and water for seven days .
 torvosaurus gurneyi is said to be a new species .
it probably ate herbivorous dinosaurs on the iberian peninsula .'
philadelphia mayor michael nutter says four people were injured .
about 200 are arrested in los angeles , the police chief says .'
 lawrence reynolds jr. was set to be executed thursday for killing neighbor in 1994 .
 the appeal involves a couple married in california .
the directive is understood to be directed at the u.s. diplomatic missions .
president obama faces increasing pressure to use power of pen on immigration reform .
new : perry will be booked tuesday ; first court appearance on friday .
north korea expected to continue preparations to dismantle a nuclear reactor .
 democrat harry reid and republican mitch mcconnell in a rare joint appearance at senate hearing .
 warren buffett is one of the richest men in the world .
 upstate new york church to give away an ar-15 rifle .
 families have reunion meeting at resort in north korea , near border .
the company has already launched trials in kenya and tanzania .
hyun : `` he had lost a lot of weight ... -lrb- he -rrb- still had a good memory '' .
north korea said last week it will try laura ling and euna lee .
england hold ukraine to a draw in vital group h qualifier in kiev .'
hernandez has pleaded not guilty in the killings of furtado and abreu .
the doomed flight 's captain , peter waxtan , had flown for spirit airlines .
pig and whistle is south africa 's oldest pub .
 a great white shark bit steven robles near manhattan beach , california .
 television screens filled with world cup adverts .
under her leadership rejected requests to designate group as terrorists .
flag of neighbors south korea apparently displayed on big screen before match .
president musharraf says his actions are for the good of the country .
art found in caves in bamiyan , central afghanistan .
south korea has been seeking to resume talks on the north 's nuclear program in recent months .
obama also is time magazine 's person of the year .
south korea says whales are disrupting fishermen 's activities .
the sweet wine has been grown in cyprus for over 5,000 years .
 the incident allegedly happened at the damaged fukushima daiichi plant .
the government and plant operator investigating the report .
critics have expressed concerns about zimmerman 's connections with police .
norio sasaki is named coach of the year , while japan 's fa takes fair play award .
his research suggests morality is older than religion .
new jersey extends its electronic voting deadline .
company says campaign ca n't claim `` immediate harm , '' suggests logo is in public domain .
police : 2 officers responding to tuesday 's robbery were shot in harvey , illinois .
 new : obama announces new support for african peacekeeping .
hemingway 's grandson is among those who have produced an e-book on how to survive the bull runs .
chinese agency : the satellite found `` three suspected floating objects '' .
 china to name and shame top ten worst-polluting cities each month .
 families of fallen marines received packages meant for injured veterans .
the iconic landmark will be in full scaffolding for upcoming repairs .
republicans are angry over rules change that weakens their hand in opposing nominations .
lance armstrong won 7 tour de france titles , 1 olympic medal in his career .
he strongly denied using performance enhancing drugs until this year .
vice principal of danwon high school committed suicide in april .'
 the first oarfish carcass was found off catalina island october 13 .
the 64-year-old played with tiger woods at the st. andrew 's course in scotland .
 travelers ' century club , for travel to 100 countries or more , has more than 2,000 members .
 `` the hurt locker '' is about a bomb squad in baghdad in 2003-04 .
 shiite muslims were targets of the attacks , police say .
 apple 's fingerprint sensor on the iphone 5s does n't always work the way it should .
 specially chartered malaysia airlines flight arrives in kuala lumpur .
new : mayor says : `` this ca n't happen again in cambridge . ''
the notes left by tony scott also did not mention any health issues .
ecuador granted asylum to assange , but the u.k. does not recognize it .
he reported for the post , mcclatchy newspapers , and others .
some companies get specs from apple in advance , others from leaks and factories .'
 naval observatory traced path of russian rocket booster at time of witness reports .
timing indicates it was likely the russian booster , naval observatory says .
 police : insurgents attack a police training school in borno for the third time this month .
defending champion loses in four sets to ukraine 's sergiy stakhovsky .
 lynne cheney has written a new book on president james madison .
 jackson performs virtual duet on stage in london .
 the winners of the biennial index : award 2013 were announced thursday .
 some of clinton 's 18 million voters are hesitant to back obama .
the excavation site is at a parking lot in the central english city of leicester .
ten cases have been confirmed out of 22 suspected cases , who says .
british author william boyd was chosen by fleming 's estate to write a new bond novel .
ronda rousey beats liz carmouche in the first round .
 elliot rodger killed six people , including 20-year-old christopher martinez , police said .
online coupon company calls hamilton `` undeniably one of our greatest presidents '' .
`` joke ?
 cleveland is working to transform its failing public schools .
 cpl.
wassef ali hassoun has been declared a deserter twice .
the bank filed a legal complaint and quiroga was found guilty of defamation .'
condit has refused to state that he was having an affair with levy .
 gov.
the u.s. has been monitoring libya 's yellowcake stockpile , a defense official says .
 the vessel will be towed to the italian port of genoa .
no bodies found in cafeteria , where many people were thought to have been .
there have been about 225 cyclospora cases in iowa , nebraska .
 the aclu says it found a pattern of civil rights violations by puerto rican police .
charlie bothuell was found in basement of his father 's home .
he says he experienced harassment , was fired because he is a muslim .
they discover a nation -- not of intolerance -- but one that embraces them .
the site is unusual in that it has not been picked over by relic hunters .
new york governor declares winter ice emergency .
protesters demonstrate after the gang rape of a woman on a bus .
injury is not `` deep , '' trainer art sherman says .
 the investigation into the death of philip seymour hoffman is raising questions .
 garden at oakland 's new cathedral provides relief to victims of church sex abuse .
he says features of fire phone will turn stores into de facto showrooms for amazon .
it was a textbook-perfect landing , the captain said of hamid 's work .
also prosecutors contend that he conspired to receive and conceal the contributions .
biden took on conservative supreme court nominee robert bork , and won .
that 's down from 8th last year , as the u.s. is leapfrogged by sweden .
 a new study suggests we yawn because our brains get too hot .
 new : an officer who investigated sheen case said she was `` appalled '' by sentence .
 tony mccoy rides his 4,000 th winner in steeplechase racing .
 dr. eric kandel studies how we create short - and long-term memories .
these are known as fairy circles , and their cause remains a mystery .
several defense witnesses testify it was george zimmerman calling for help .
students , staff and faculty rally for understanding monday .'
 florida wildlife commission says it caught 200-pound female bear in vicinity of attack .
`` kate plus 8 '' will launch november 2 , network says .
border officer asks wailing boy .
 240 illegal migrants are detained and 300 others volunteer to leave .
promotions can fill a vacancy in hierarchy or be a step up in a hierarchy of jobs .
the war has left many of the nation 's children orphaned .
 president obama had appointed nlrb members during a senate holiday break .
 serena williams crushes vania king at the u.s. open on thursday .
 essence of tragedy of mh17 is suffering of relatives , writes father of a lockerbie victim .
 manchester united defeat norwich city 4-0 in ryan giggs ' first game in charge .
 joint forces command report : no link between saddam hussein , al qaeda .
 ice officers detained the mother and brother of activist erika andiola .
rupert murdoch also owns the wall street journal , fox news , and times of london .
11 % of such children are in rural schools .'
`` if we do n't step up , '' then nothing will change , says teacher who started school .
 north and south waziristan have banned polio vaccines over use of u.s. drones .
 new : new york times media reporter bill carter says leno was `` on board with this '' .
it will be 25 of `` seinfeld 's '' most famous episodes .
sheen and mueller separated last christmas , the petition says .
currently only 2 % of commuters in riyadh use public transport .
obama does not dress up for halloween .
 the international space station -lrb- iss -rrb- is a permanently orbiting research lab .
 army maj. gen. michael harrison is a former commander of u.s. forces in japan .
he was disciplined over his handling of sex assault allegations in his command .
 cristiano ronaldo tells cnn that his `` arrogant '' image has cost him .
iran 's players have been told they need to be stingy with their shirts .
but numbers set to rise in 2009 because of pakistan , sri lanka , somalia conflicts .
the burj khalifa opened just weeks after dubai had to receive a $ 10 billion bailout .
scene at one hospital : `` there was bedlam outside the gate ''
try the test yourself , answers are at the bottom of the story .
he also speculated on the sex appeal of rodger 's sister .
netanyahu says palestinian authority has a `` responsibility '' to get them .
professor was published in yale law review , the new york times , slate , others .
the city faced a $ 45 million shortfall as millions in revenues have evaporated .'
it is unclear whether the coast guard member will be arrested .
rams coach jeff fisher : `` it was a football decision '' .
 sebastian vettel 's formula one helmet reaches record price at london auction .
a senate leader questions if a weapons ban will be part of a legislative package .
the sri lankan maid was put to death for the 2005 killing of her employers ' infant .
 new : malaysian police : a report about a pilot being the prime suspect is wrong .
australia transport safety bureau will announce a new search area wednesday .
a rival school nominated the henryville students for the party .
leader of gaza city rocket teams is killed , israel says .
a palestinian leader criticizes a u.n. report approving israel 's gaza blockade .
sabanci group chair , guler sabanci , warns europe 's slowdown is `` an important issue '' for turkey .
spotted eagle ray weighed about 75 pounds , sheriff 's spokeswoman says .
obama attends a rural economic forum in iowa .
animal rights activists have clashed with festival-goers over dog butchering .
 sergei baltacha was the first footballer from the ussr to sign for an english club .
 ayrton senna won formula one 's monaco grand prix a record six times .
knox was convicted of killing roommate meredith kercher in 2007 .
 debris fell in madison square garden during cleaning .
found guilty of gross indecency in 1952 , committed suicide two years later .
 report on va medical system stems from allegations of shortcomings .
 the national weather service has taken down heat advisories in some states .
climate scientists cleared of manipulating or falsifying data by uk and u.s. reviews .'
he insists there is no facebook smartphone in the works , despite the rumors .
ukrainian president talked to russian leader about peace plan , media office says .
goalkeeper tim howard has played key role .
french foreign minister kouchner calls olmert about truce plan , ministry sources say .
 there is no upward trend in mass killings since the 1970s , professor james alan fox says .
the perpetrators are older and more likely to be white than for murder generally , he says .
utah is asking court to block judge 's ruling that struck down ban on same-sex marriage .
 `` breaking bad '' is shot in albuquerque , new mexico .
 u.s. military planes airlift french troops and equipment to bamako .
palin spokesman has no comment : `` this is not a state government matter ''
`` he 's learned under some of the best coaches , '' knicks president phil jackson says .
he was convicted in death of brianna denison , attacks on two other women .
 renowned muslim scholar condemns all terrorism .
 company says 100,000 euros is its starting price .
`` gov.
 facebook unveils , and explains , proposed changes to its terms of use .
flood waters have cut off several communities in the state .
onyango obama is arrested for driving under the influence of alcohol .
tmz posts audio allegedly of clippers owner donald sterling arguing with his girlfriend .
tattoo parlors have been the subject of stringent new laws in some states .
they are setting up rehydration clinics .
the indian olympic association has now held new elections that the ioc has approved .
tourism force , made up of 101 officers , launched to crackdown on overcharging merchants and taxi drivers .
 the balloons are designed to bring the internet to remote places , google says .
electricity arc shocked firefighters in extension ladder .
ice bucket challenge organized by campbellsville university band .'
conservative virgil goode could siphon votes from mitt romney in virginia .
 obama says his stand on surveillance is not the same as dick cheney 's .
yemeni troops die in clashes thursday , security officials say .
teacher ronnie smith , 33 , was gunned down while jogging in benghazi this month .
bp well `` poses no continuing threat , '' says government 's point man .
 new : lindsay lohan and christian labella file harassment claims against each other , official says .
 two-year anniversary marked for death of kim jong il .
north korea 's top brass attended ceremony .
attention to north korea after execution of kim jong un 's uncle .
 cricket legend sachin tendulkar has been nominated to join india 's parliament .
the rev.
doj authorized the cia to torture prisoners , says aclu official .'
 sendai was devastated by the tsunami which struck japan in march .
anyone over 16 living in scotland has a vote , but residents of other uk countries do not .
iran is under intense pressure to rein in its nuclear program .
the president cites the humanitarian goals of the military mission .
 chelsea handler will leave her e!
he announced he had lou gehrig 's disease in 2011 , then raised funds for research .
she reportedly called for red shirt supporters to be `` executed '' .
new : storm passes near island of martinique .'
he visited north korea in february , made friends with kim jong un .
teachers are unsure how these budget cuts will affect them and their students .
 pirates take over a greek-operated tanker off the coast of togo .
`` truth is , these are my children , '' he says .
they were rescued wednesday by u.s. military forces in somalia .
3 people killed , 23 injured when gunmen open fire on anti-government protesters .
in separate incident , protesters stormed an office complex where pm was holding meeting .
offshore drilling ban has become a campaign issue .
new : obama says he has no immediate plans of releasing convicted spy jonathan pollard .
 one of the four sent their company a text message that said , `` help me '' .
behind public spectacle , is an attempt at sports diplomacy .
mubarak 's lawyer gives his first interview to cnn sunday .
president cristina fernandez de kirchner will hand over power until january 24 .
 new : the u.s. says the enrichment is `` further escalation '' by iran .
 al-shabaab rebels try to storm a prison in mogadishu .
 nissan says it will have a driverless car on the road by 2020 .
fifa had banned chelsea from making signings until mid-2011 after complaint by lens .
the tournament is the first of the 2013 pga tour season .'
 spain 's unions called for a general strike thursday .
 newt gingrich 's immigration plan has been attacked as `` amnesty '' .
santos has put his efforts into a peace process with the farc .
spain 's jobless rate is nearly 23 percent ; nearly 5.3 million spaniards are out of work .
 june squibb , 84 , is up for best supporting actress for `` nebraska '' .
`` there was no criminality in regards to my client , '' rockefeller 's attorney says .
 bartendaz perform compound fitness moves using a pull-up bar , body weight .
 the `` iwatch '' would have a curved screen and run on ios , report says .
the female elephants wandered out of their enclosure and into parking lot .
 new : sheriff gives dr. murray an escort to avoid media , fans outside of jail .
murray remains unremorseful about his treatment of michael jackson .
about 5,000 spartak moscow supporters clashed with police near the kremlin .
about 5,000 spartak moscow supporters clashed with police last weekend .
authorities have charged most of the members , but some are still being sought .
cape point is n't the most southerly point in africa .
he was on the crew of the enola gay , which dropped a nuclear bomb on japan .
 erin cox went to a party to pick up a friend who was too drunk to drive , according to reports .
 joan rivers wrote about her funeral in a 2012 book .
hussein was captured in 2003 and hanged in 2006 .
 a passenger ferry collided with a vessel in hong kong 's crowded harbor .
 the nfl will hold three regular season games in london in 2014 .
 mccain has railed against politicians requesting earmarks .
 the founder of an online support group for gay teens is fined , state news reports .
 barack obama 's u.s. policy on afghanistan has drifted , writers say .
u.s. president scheduled to give major address on strategy on tuesday .
 researchers in california create robot squirrel to study behavior of rattlesnakes .
 the day after the typhoon , father edwin bacaltos ' task was to bless the dead .
 american airlines flight 1488 made an unscheduled stop in phoenix on thursday .
rick santorum agrees with newt gingrich that florida delegates should be proportional .
 guess how tina fey and amy poehler met ?
 nigeria 's economy was `` rebased , '' making it africa 's largest and the world 's 26th .
h1n1 is the primary strain seen ; it 's no longer called `` swine flu ''
 francisco rafael arellano felix was former member of tijuana cartel .
union voted to authorize strike over wages , health care dispute .
mobile internet is disrupted from 1:40 to 5 a.m. et on wednesday , company says .'
spanish police website also down after statement issued .
 the boeing 777 was shot down in ukraine in july .
knox 's former boyfriend , raffaele sollecito , was also convicted .
 new museum tells the story of richard iii 's family , battlefield death and the uncovering of his bones .
 stewart 's front right tire blows at a nascar race in atlanta .
a long-time ally is `` freed up '' at communications ministry to give him broader role .
hugo chavez said he wanted maduro to replace him .
 u.s. officials say embassy likely was target of attack .
judge ruled mcdaniel waited too long to file a challenge to the gop 's june 24 primary runoff .
 sprawling los angeles property donated for war vets in 1888 .
storms reported in arkansas , oklahoma , tennessee , louisiana .
hawaii county mayor billy kenoi declares an emergency , asks gov.
 witnesses : a sudan government force destroyed a church near the capital .
 black caviar has won all 22 of the races she has taken part in .
obama promises those with coverage they like can keep it .
 13-year-old phenom pitcher mo ` ne davis ' shutout a first for a girl playing little league .
 83 claims have been filed by those wounded and the families of those killed at fort hood .
 the official title for the `` man of steel '' sequel has been announced .
the football player said his wife head-butted him , an arrest report says .
`` we are spending it ! ''
ukraine parliament agrees nations with citizens on mh17 can send armed personnel .
 supreme court justice , 76 , will receive chemotherapy treatments .
circus website touts the safety of the hair-hang act `` each and every time ''
they say holder said a florida church 's plan to burn copies of the quran is ` idiotic '
at least 16 women have accused filner of inappropriate behavior .
cruz says foreign policy is playing into his decision .
mohammed , four others could be sentenced to death .
her aunt , linda weston , has been convicted of starving to death her sister 's boyfriend .
users will be more likely to see what their friends share intentionally .
more than 55,000 families , or 260,000 people , have been displaced by the storm .
359 people were working in mine near town of mezhdurechensk .
at least 18 rescue workers died in a second blast .'
prosecutors allege importation of counterfeit , hazardous toys .'
 19 year-old stuns rafael nadal in wimbledon matchup .
retired justice sandra day o'connor founded icivics in 2009 .
u.n. agency : plastic bags are second-most common form of litter .
bags a major threat to ocean wildlife , u.n. agency says .
dunne covered the trials of the wealthy and notorious for vanity fair .
howard dean : michigan , florida knew the rules .
former cabinet secretary says he warned google about the problem in 2008 .
the goal is for community banks to make credit more available to small businesses .
 herman wallace was in solitary confinement in louisiana for more than 40 years .
 president obama signs bill putting tobacco under fda legislation .
new : bonds ' ex-girlfriend was not believable , jurors say .
 conservation parks in south africa struggling to keep up with rhino poachers .
 liya kebede is an ethiopian supermodel scouted in addis ababa while at school .
she was found unresponsive in her georgia prison cell .
najib believes someone monitored a military radar the night of the flight 's disappearance .
stop with the rumors about tracy morgan 's condition , megan wollover says through publicist .
`` this ca n't happen again in cambridge , '' mayor says of harvard scholar 's arrest .
authorities estimate 20 million gallons of water spilled .
 chimps attacked student andrew oberle at a south africa sanctuary .
oberle is in critical condition at a johannesburg hospital .
`` my son was a very good person , '' jackson 's mother testifies .
 adam scott of australia won the masters at augusta .
the 32-year-old is first australian to ever win the tournament .
 charles keating had lung cancer , his son said .
in yalta , alex shiroki says hotels are closing .
 fire-breathing dragon a new symbol of da nang , vietnam 's fifth-largest city .
clooney wo n't appear in any episodes of `` downton abbey ''
 miranda lambert leads this year 's cma awards nominees .
 reginald garcia just rediscovered his march 1978 photos of the jackson 5 .
 five jihadist groups will coordinate efforts , a pakistani taliban spokesman says .
move is `` not in opposition to the qatar process , '' afghan official says .
the pakistani taliban claims responsibility and vows to continue attacks to release imprisoned militants .'
the villagers had formed a resistance movement against the taliban , the group says .
 in 2000 , kenyan man offered cows , goats for chelsea clinton 's hand in marriage .
language appeared to let the app sell users ' images for advertising .
they date to the persian empire , when soldiers wore them in battle .
previous autographed rowling pieces have raised millions of dollars .'
 erica williams says , `` kennedy embodied core values of my generation '' .
 hurricane emilia has 110 mph sustained winds , having gotten stronger on monday .
 more ` lucky money ' recipients prefer electronic transfer over traditional red packets of cash .
 bedouin smugglers may be stealing organs from african refugees in sinai desert .
 54-year-old michael madsen was arrested friday afternoon .
 philip chism is charged with attempting to kill a youth services worker .
 the netherlands lose their first qualifier in three years after a 2-1 defeat to the czechs .
share your memories of pink floyd and wright at ireport.com .
 rob lowe and his family had to be rescued while on vacation in france .
 fun .
daniel webster : how could someone like alexis legally buy and carry loaded firearms ?
france canceled plans over weekend to send minister to kigali on monday .
khaled meshaal insists hamas does not use civilians as human shields .
israel says fatah must pick peace with hamas or with israel .
labels include warnings such as `` cigarettes are addictive '' and `` cigarettes cause cancer '' .
 with deep brain stimulation , electrodes are implanted in the brain .
 a kickstarter to make potato salad has raised $ 11,000 .
cameroon lost all three of its world cup group games in brazil .
michelle obama is to answer questions from cnn ireporters on saturday .
 tiger woods has played in seven ryder cups .
two fullerton , california , police officers face charges .
if pistorius knew he was shooting at reeva steenkamp , he committed murder .
zambia bans travelers from ebola countries .
plastics , food and medical waste from base among trash burned .
a photograph shows the crash happened away from spectators .'
two of the women received a bit more than $ 400 ; the third woman was paid close to $ 300 .'
greer said he shot miller in the back , then shot her again when she was pleading .
the williams sisters have won five doubles titles at wimbledon .
 3-year-old was at home in oregon under his mother 's watch .
the jeep rolled and hit a neighbor 's home .
5 troops working with the secret service in colombia are also under investigation .
 kim dotcom 's political party has formed an alliance with a maori nationalist 's party .
pope francis is making his first visit to asia .
 `` while defending myself , i was stabbed , '' anwan glover tweets .
the pentagon says the weaponry transfer could be `` imminent ''
 china issues new rules for uses and providers of mobile im services .
several people 's heads hit ceiling , breaking plastic and glass .
the army encourages active-duty soldiers to blog as a way to educate the public .
 new : obama , putin speak about ukraine .
it also alleges that a forced sale will lower the franchise 's value .
chinese demand government clamps down on terrorism .'
 native americans occupied alcatraz for 19 months , starting in november 1969 .
 switzerland to play france in davis cup final .
 scotland 's favorite dish is indian-style curry .
 glen doherty and tyrone woods were part of a security team that rushed to scene of consulate attack .
 leyla ors accused the sheikh 's son of rape and torture in march .
 analyst shows mac vs. pc gap narrowing .
slopestyle is a freestyle skiing discipline which is making its olympic debut .
eliassen was on the norwegian ski racing team as a teenager before turning to freestyle .
the iowa supreme court rules the dentist acted legally when he let her go .
last summer , jojo moyes read the `` game of thrones '' series .
ceo of company organizing world cup hospitality packages has been arrested .
jennifer lawrence is in second place with $ 43 million earned .
police had earlier accused dalambert of driving while impaired .
 costa rica defeats greece 5-3 on penalties .
 robin williams had a profound effect on the people he met .
 muslim group wants to reclaim true meaning of the word `` jihad '' .
jihad `` does not mean to commit harm against other people , '' group says .
cases of campylobacter illness are on the rise , according to the cdc .
security technologist bruce schneier : `` i believe the tsa is having a credibility problem ''
ahmadinejad on iran 's nuclear ambitions : we do not need a bomb .
 diplomatic officials say 29 people were killed at courthouse , nearly 60 wounded .
jerry sandusky 's wife maintains her husband 's innocence .
airbus announces $ 6.4 billion deal with vietjetair .
croissants are delivered daily at europe 's tallest tree house , 22 meters up .
 argentina and germany have met in the world cup finals twice before .
researchers in saudi arabia found mers rna in barn air .'
contador rejoins race but retires 20 kilometers later .
his time living in arkansas was an inspiration to his music , cash said .'
babar suleman and his son haris died when their plane crashed in the pacific .
new : boehner unveils plan for bill tying infrastructure spending to energy revenue .
she and husband mark kelly will spend thanksgiving in tucson .
kelly talks about how she learned other people had died in shooting .
experts are concerned by some of the virus mutations found .'
 all eight on board downed plane were ukrainian , defense ministry spokesman says .
u.s. commander to troops : `` this is the right time to transition security of the cities '' .
the online classified ad directory is rwanda 's third most popular website .
the military says 12 were killed and 36 were injured in the attack on a baghdad base .
the man driving the car exchanges gunfire with police .
president obama 's `` dreams from my father '' was only a modest success initially .
he died in a motorcycle accident in san francisco on monday .
figures from 2009-2011 indicate iraq faces a `` persistent low-level conflict '' .
rosie o'donnell has lost more than 50 pounds through surgery .
`` the view '' premiered its new season monday .
 two car bombs exploded as a commemoration for a shiite imam was winding down .
 residents in beijing sick of water shortages , start digging wells .
she encouraged the kids watching to `` love the skin you 're in '' .
yoo byung eun wanted for his ties to sewol ferry operation .
epic has a deal with jackson 's estate to mine his archives for new albums .
a grateful dead reunion may be in the works .'
mohamed elomar is believed to be in syria , fighting with isis .
lz granderson : on not-so normal days , teachers are also asked to be heroes .
david rothkopf : hillary clinton is likely to be the next president of the u.s.
 chicago will be his first stop .
 siddharth kara begins 10 week journey into south asia .
 a fly.com survey reveals which airline fees passengers are willing to pay for .
 `` true blood '' has killed off another favorite character .
fighting continues for control of the luhansk and donetsk regions .'
tell us below .'
 the united arab emirates ' religious watchdog warns muslims against a mars mission .
teen gunman is dead , finnish police say .
thicke testifies he lied about creating `` blurred lines '' .
 right-wing groups plan nationwide protests this weekend .
miley cyrus , robin thicke and more performed .
the motion photography prize went to brooklyn artist christina rinaldi .
he says investigators are asking about one of the boston bombings suspects .
khadjimuradov says he knew tamerlan tsarnaev only in passing .
sunni lawmakers pull out of talks after the mosque attack .'
brown : young people are demanding their rights and will be heard .
it stemmed from discovery of material at bin laden compound .
the email probe is part of a larger doj investigation of agency targeting .
 the chairless chair is an exoskeleton that locks into place when you sit down .
`` the battle against cuba has already been won , '' posada says .
 teenagers in new castle county , delaware , have been charged with felony hate crimes .
videos went viral with the hashtags #thebullyproject and #jusiceforcoran .'
 moammar gadhafi was in a convoy heading out of sirte that was hit by nato .
two ex-football players were convicted of rape in 2013 .'
the army also has better options than a coup , say experts .'
 indio downey , robert downey jr. 's son , arrested sunday .
 auma obama shares a father with the u.s. president .
auma on barack obama : `` he makes me very proud '' .
african-american art and culture are thriving in detroit .
 the p. sandersi may be the largest flying bird ever .
he was convicted of obstruction of justice stemming from a probe into steroid use .
owen 's stables houses around 90 horses .
 `` three studies of lucian freud , '' painted in 1969 , sold for $ 142,405,000 .
 bodies , wreckage are scattered over eastern ukraine countryside .
the judge did not give details of anthony 's illness .
relief agencies express concern about flooding , landslides .
 hillary clinton has now misstepped twice on questions about her wealth .
world music awards tweeted a new album was coming .
dzhokhar tsarnaev , 19 , was `` more lucid '' the second time he was interviewed , police say .
hopkins has been featured in vogue and worked with major designers .
michoacan governor salvador jara guerrero : `` we must not allow these things to occur ''
aal 1359 makes an emergency landing after an unnamed technical issue .
 new : police believe ambush was planned for months .
`` the good wife '' was slightly down in ratings , but had a strong episode .
 top democrats speak at women 's leadership forum .
 `` dancing with the stars '' is down to 11 contestants .
 new : david cameron : ian paisley later on made a huge contribution to political stability .
 the mother of `` glee '' actor cory monteith appears on `` good morning america '' .
the ship will only be searched for the remains of the last victim when it reaches genoa .
 the nato-led isaf and the united states condemn the execution .
 `` the purge : anarchy '' is the sequel to 2013 's `` the purge '' .
 kraushaar tells cnn her complaint was n't about cain 's height remark .
the court orders a combative mladic removed from the hearing .
the judge enters a not guilty plea on his behalf .
 new : there are still 1 million convicted criminal immigrants in u.s. , ice says .
the americans secure a place if they beat or draw with germany .
 president obama lays out some priorities for the next va leader .
candidate prabowo subianto rejects election process .
her husband started smoking at age 13 and was 36 when he died in 1996 .
edwards to retire at the end of 2014 after a 22-year career .
government has pledged to reform the system but little progress so far .'
dow denies claims , buying union carbide 16 years after disaster .'
the 10-month-old girl was in the car with the windows up more than two hours .
apple 's annual developers conference kicked off monday in san francisco .
 gun-control debate drowned out calls for better mental health services .
 leader of tribe that includes saddam hussein 's family dies in blast .
 east carroll parish , louisiana , is the u.s. capital of income inequality .
general prayuth chan-ocha was the sole candidate for the post .
earlier council meeting drew thousands of his supporters to gilberton , population 750 .
 the alert over the potential eruption of bardarbunga volcano is lowered .
egypt destroys five tunnels under border with gaza .'
two people killed and scores bitten by tarantula-like spiders .
forrest timothy hayes , 51 , was found dead on his california yacht in november .
american misses the halfway cut after carding another 78 on friday .
hamas condemns israel for launching ground action .
 a survey shows youths are more likely to identify as lbgt .
 manchester united leads the way in localized sponsorship deals .
 taiwanese news agency says 10 people were injured .
show has been in new york for david letterman 's entire run on cbs .
 philadelphia international records was influential 1970s label .
 only ram\xc3\x83 \xc2\xb3 n navarro has surfed in antarctica .
netanyahu has expressed skepticism about the iranian president 's intentions .
the new operating system for macs adopts features from mobile devices .
 new : clinton says expected kandahar offensive is not `` d-day '' .
by concealing the goods in the mom 's big black dress .
taliban point to `` current complex political situation '' .
protests come amid inquiry into $ 710 million government bailout .
he faces 15 years to life in prison for shooting death of lana clarkson .
operation aimed at clearing taliban from southern afghanistan 's helmand .
muslim leaders had called for an investigation after report became public .
 militants attack soldiers with machine gun fire , officials says .
the incident occurs in khyber agency an area known as a hub for militants .'
 hollywood beauty insiders give up their trade secrets .
high cost remains an implementation barrier for uefa , major league soccer .
she apparently had barricaded herself inside the office , the army said .
structure would not use concrete or steel .
his nephew , stevie young , will take over , band says .
south africa 's cape town stadium has the scenic table mountain for a backdrop .
some believe medieval burial was connected to fear of vampires .
vampire folklore strong in the eastern european country .'
casey kasem was 82 when he died in washington state last month .
 annual lonely planet best in travel guide published tuesday .
 the vessel is being towed to the italian port of genoa .
 miranda barbour and her husband are charged with murder in pennsylvania .
the helmand governor is unhurt in the blast but 2 soldiers are hurt .
 mcdonald 's new ad campaign pokes fun at starbucks .
analysts : strong likelihood that the north is preparing for another nuclear test .
some samples tested positive but at safe levels , official says .
it is believed the devices encourage literacy by providing students access to more titles .
new finance minister pierre moscovici says an ambitious strategy for growth is needed .
he won three drivers ' world championships and founded a successful racing team .
authorities say he slapped a crying little girl in a walmart store .
 demand for affordable housing is rising but there 's a national shortage .
it has opened just three boutiques to keep brand exclusivity .
stricter alcohol cooking rules may be brought in .
 citigroup analyst : amazon is working on a phone .
rep. walter jones said his support `` depends '' on what the president says .
from that , italian researchers hope to reconstruct the model 's face .
 the crash occurred late monday , u.s. coast guard says .
a problem with the axle on a dining car caused a 13-hour delay .
 new : growing concern mosul dam is not being properly maintained by isis , u.s. official says .
the leaders shook hands on monday at modi 's inauguration .
 trustees dismiss spanier , remove paterno as head coach immediately .
stern got pregnant again with twins after reaching her goal .
 hong kong has prospered since britain handed it over to china in 1997 .
proposal has met with the disapproval of french football clubs .
 in los angeles , the ace hotel group will open a property in a 1927 building .
 amanda bynes ' court appearance was brief tuesday .
a judge has signed a restraining order and she has filed for divorce .
there 's a chance walter white may appear .
a former prosecutor says , `` this is a man who would have been in the know '' .
five people were arrested sunday after confrontation with police at street fair .
the military plays a large role in fijian social and political life , say academics .
`` i will never willingly go back '' to italy , knox says .
shelly sterling says she will still be attending games .
falluja 's mayor was shot to death while visiting a sewage plant .
more than half of ukrainians say the country should ally with europe .'
 alexis murphy , 17 , disappeared august 3 , according to cnn affiliates .
the vaccine is essential for pregnant women to protect their infants .'
 a series of bombings wednesday target police officers .
 separated by the danube , pest and buda became one city in 1873 .
spokesman : `` as the threats change , the secret service has changed ''
7 are wounded in confrontations with police outside a council building , officials say .
a judge vacated the date ; a new date has not been set .
the three-time grammy award winner is a divorced mom of two girls , 7 and 12 .
 a meningitis b outbreak hit students at princeton and ucsb .
 caleb bankston was a conductor on a coal train for seven months .
federal railroad administration investigators are on the scene in alabama .
syria is bordered by countries in which the u.s. has a vested interest .
figures from 2012 show a 59 % rise in anti-semitic attacks .
 new : the stranded boat safely docks at the long wharf in boston .
 budget travel editors identify their favorite travel booking sites .
theodore paul wafer shot and killed renisha mcbride on his porch .
 eric holder is considered the most divisive attorney general in history .
 two pennsylvania judges plead guilty to federal fraud charges .
but syrian regime bombed isis positions in syria recently and reportedly bombed in iraq .'
 sen. robert menendez calls for the arming of ukrainian forces .
 it 's up to the individual schools , hong kong government says .
 the energy department announces support for small modular reactor design .
 new : letter to klan cites `` public concern '' .
displays will be 4.7 and 5.5 inches , according to bloomberg .
 bp wants u.s. district judge lynn hughes to supervise lawsuits in wake of oil disaster .
 tina fey and amy poehler hosted sunday 's golden globes .
 company claims it registered the `` my favorite color is camo '' trademark in 2011 .
defense had asked for psychological and medical test results .
but it was leaked .
 florida governor declares a state of emergency in 18 counties .
 ariel garten 's high-tech headband monitors brain activity .
 john cossman has been battling cancer for eight years .
the president is rejecting calls to boycott the olympics in russia .
obama accepts resignation of u.s. commander of afghan war after explosive comments .
 marc marquez wins the british motogp to extend his lead in championship .
`` messing your diet up can really impair performance , '' lewis james says .
 a man in his 20s was killed in a lightning strike at california 's venice beach .
 an emt in connecticut complained about her supervisor on her facebook page .
tohti went on a hunger strike during his incarceration in january .
mandel wants mental health resources available for children .
he says taking care of mental health should be as routine as for physical health .'
 glenn beck 's online tv network merging with theblaze.com .
five crew members are injured , a spokeswoman says .
king appoints noor al-fayez as deputy minister for women 's education .
 mujahedin-e-khalq was put on terror list in 1997 .
 entrepreneur blake mycoskie is blending philanthropy with business .
radical islamic leader says it is punishment for infidelity .
while in congress , wilson helped guide funding to support afghan rebels .
embedding only works for public posts on the site .
 protests held at target stores across country .
super pacs can spend unlimited money but must disclose donors .
measles is highly contagious and spreads through the air .
a former circus employee 's testimony was deemed tainted .
the unanimous decision reverses a ruling restricting access to in-state benefits .
bacteria such as salmonella become more virulent infections in space .
the ultra-lightweight frames are make from carbon fibers .
marcello lucero , 37 , and a friend were attacked by a group of teens .
one 8-year-old 's treatment in china will cost $ 26,500 .
 taliban official hakeemullah mehsud was selected friday by 42-member panel .
his first tv special in 17 years is on showtime on new year 's eve .
gunman in afghan uniform killed 3 u.s. troops on a special operations forces mission .
 two florida school administrators accused of violating consent order on prayer .
stephen ireland joins aston villa as part of milner deal .'
 u.s. drone program is especially controversial in pakistan .
burning january issue : boeing 's decision on where to build its new 777x .
the men were rolling in a giant ball that fell off cliff .'
 cartoon shows prophet wishing for sense of humor .
 more than 3,500 people are infected , and more than 1,900 have died , who says .
arena is at forefront of research into autonomous flying robots .
parts of yumen , a city in northwestern china , have been sealed off .'
state audit finds rampant corruption , and lawmakers want to dissolve the city .
 you can swim alongside rare whale sharks in the philippines .
militants regularly cross israel 's border with egypt .
pope benedict xvi is to stand down from office on thursday .
he says violence toward women affects men , too .
he says campaign `` one million men .
 new : student leader : polarized reaction to youngstown state offer to tressel .
 richard kiel played a steel-toothed villain in `` the spy who loved me '' and `` moonraker '' .
stefaan engels has run 365 marathons covering 9,569 miles in seven countries .
 oxfam 's new `` behind the brands '' scorecard ranks the policies of the world 's 10 biggest food and drink companies .
 defending masters champion adam scott shoots a 3-under-par 69 in the first round .
 alison grimes ' ad features family to attack mitch mcconnell on medicare .
thousands fled from their homes , with some 30,000 families now stranded .
`` i 'm in love again , and i do n't need drugs , '' tabloid quotes winehouse as saying .
 mumia abu-jamal will serve a life sentence in prison .
 katrina browne : house and senate have apologized for slavery .
the court found texas districts were drawn to discriminate against minorities .
 ali hussein kadhim recounts isis massacre in new york times .
having the debate in a lame-duck session would be inefficient , boehner believes .
 stevie wonder receives lifetime achievement award at white house .
the disease results from a bacterium called bacillus anthracis .
 new : `` my mission is to eradicate poverty , '' rousseff says in victory speech .
the high court says such a significant legal change is down to parliament .
michael jackson 's oldest son wants to be an actor .
award-winning companion book includes 75 images .
murdoch climbed ranks of news corp after taking charge of star asia in 2000 .
 1991 oil spill in persian gulf was biggest in history .
website shows under-drawings beneath surface of the painting .
scan at animal clinic found her microchip number , which led to dibella .
women directors accounted for just 9 % of hollywood blockbusters in 2012 .
 blake mycoskie talks about his innovative business , toms shoes .
no connection found to columbine anniversary , authorities say .'
armenia 's foreign minister : `` this day will be written in gold ''
 election could extend the term of president yoweri museveni .
museveni has been in power for 25 years .
 angel carromero is sentenced to four years in prison .
pistorius shot and killed reeva steenkamp at his pretoria home last year .
11 crew members were on board .
 `` it 's been a wild six-month ride , '' michael douglas says .
30 colts players , coaches , and 2 cheerleaders , shaved heads to support the coach .
 the delaware governor 's office deleted a tweet with a link to an ` inappropriate ' photo .
 `` pregorexia '' is used to describe pregnant women who are obsessive about weight gain .
malaysia airlines sent a text saying `` we have to assume '' that no one survived .
an official says trade relations will not be suspended .
 lohan calls herself an addict in an interview with oprah winfrey .
former army general kenan evren and air force chief tahsin sahinkaya are named .
mourinho says he has never felt racism in the dressing room .
 68 percent of respondents say they would marry the same person again .
 camp kitty owner : my dogs had more options than my cats .
obama administration says 5 million have signed up for coverage .'
revere was born in nebraska , died at his home in idaho .
 president obama says withdrawal of u.s. troops from iraq is on track .
the fires are being fueled by hot , dry weather and high winds .'
he says the future belongs to what we can do to genetically engineer and control microbes .
 4-year-old ismael tristan santisteban has been found safe .
new : the george w. bush presidential center is dedicated .
propofol deprives patient of vital rem sleep , dr. charles czeisler testifies .
 ride-sharing service lyft has attracted some outgoing drivers and kooky cars .
 john ruthell henry , 63 , was executed wednesday in florida .
singer died of alcohol poisoning in july , aged just 27 .
the third victim worked for a local aid agency .
 zendaya will play the late singer in a lifetime movie , report says .
national census return rate is 52 percent as of april 1 .
` the little prince ' is a favorite book of hers and it is displayed prominently .
t.i.
t.i.
 creekstone farms has recalled 14,158 pounds of ground beef , the usda said .
amendment to immigration reform bill would also bring relief .'
california 's move bucks a national trend of tightening abortion laws .
 traverse 15 states along us 1 from maine to key west .
valued at hk$ 1.3 billion -lrb- us$ 167.5 million -rrb- , donation includes 1,463 artworks by 310 artists .
 rza , bone thugs-n-harmony and more will perform at hip-hop festival rock the bells .
 the ranger falls more than 3,000 feet on mount rainier .
tai shan is being sent to a breeding base in southwest china .
china nearing goal of having 300 pandas in captivity .
miftakhov , a 19-year-old russian citizen , was arrested friday .
nearly 20,000 barrels of oil slipped out of a pipeline .'
fixed is rolling out in san francisco first but hopes to expand to more cities .
 new : some 3,000 flights canceled friday after more than 2,600 cancellations thursday .
 new : a u.s. official tells cnn the ban could be reinstated .
 a democrat is running for congress , openly saying he is an atheist .
north korea says it will halt activity at the kaesong industrial complex .
the greater the consumer demand , the more likely this feature will go mainstream .
 facebook executive sheryl sandberg has written a new book , `` lean in '' .
snowden has been hiding out in hong kong since fleeing the united states .
mass speculation that hong kong may not provide safe haven for snowden .
 lauren bacall and humphrey bogart met on the set of 1944 's `` to have and have not '' .
 president asif ali zardari will have a private visit with prime minister manmohan singh .
gunman at omaha , nebraska , mall killed 8 people and himself .
thousands are on waiting lists for the free pre-kindergarten classes .
 exaflop supercomputers will perform a billion , billion operations every second .
 first lady michelle obama hosts a fashion workshop at the white house .
 hezbollah 's nasrallah : `` no one is allowed to investigate israel '' .
the judge clears mubarak 's sons and several aides .
aflac says gottfried was fired after tweeting jokes about the disaster in japan .
 new line includes camera in a pair of sunglasses .
 facebook co-founder eduardo saverin opens up to brazilian magazine .
the fiscal cliff 's tax hikes and spending cuts are set to take effect in january .
glass has n't been used to make eyes since after world war ii .
co-founder ben silbermann : pinterest `` creates an online catalog '' that is `` handpicked '' .
 lewis hamilton wins singapore grand prix .
sebastian vettel takes second for red bull .'
obama said he wants to `` clear what our objectives are '' and to make `` the case '' to americans .
 joan rivers is in a private room `` where she is being kept comfortable '' .
they also use airborne surveillance to protect u.s. ground troops and friendly civilians .
 philippines has more call center workers than india .
two people in the democratic republic of congo test positive for ebola .
 china 's national team has reached the world cup finals only once , back in 2002 .
the world cup audience generates huge revenue for companies in china .
she got her start speaking `` to women who were n't able to talk about things '' .
 benjamin smith is arrested .
police fire tear gas in clashes with protesters angered by the killing .
 protesters in trayvon martin case have worn hoodies in solidarity against racial profiling .
court has given government a friday deadline to respond .
he 's being treated at omaha 's nebraska medical center .
 student protesters ' ultimatum to taiwan 's government passes without a response .
he was suspended last week for allegedly making anti-semitic remarks at a paris bar .
 iceberg could last in open ocean for a year , researcher says .
three people died after the 2009 event in arizona .
 fannie sebolela is the principal of a primary school in s. africa 's soshanguve township .
 bally technologies inc. will unveil next week michael jackson king of pop game .
the slot machine features jackson 's videos and music .
professor takehito kaneko aims to collect sperm from endangered species .
she allegedly knew she was hiv-positive , but did not tell her sexual partners .
taylor swift sings forgiveness for kanye west .
bass pro shops denies allegations and says it is `` determined to prove them wrong ''
around one third of girls married before they are 18 , according to the un .
 as an art student , murat palta wondered what star wars would look like as ottoman art .
jason bateman and tina fey rise above the material , but not the rest of the cast .
clinton touted charlie crist , who 's running for governor again .
will join louis c.k.
 some reporters question the speed of the police response .
ramsay says 1 in 4 women in the uk experience domestic violence .
gibson denies the allegations , said eszterhas is upset over his script being rejected .
 john gross was carrying his grandfather 's ashes through airport security .
about three-quarters of child laborers are under the age of 14 , and most are girls .
prost and senna were arch rivals while driving for mclaren .
 many in kabul fear the afghanistan war is no longer a u.s. priority .
hilton 's fifth store in saudi arabia and has upset many muslims .
 vatican expresses hope for israeli-palestinian peace talks .
rebels set a saturday deadline for loyalists to surrender .
the united nations world food programme is feeding people in affected areas .
no sunscreen provides 100 % protection so reapply every two hours .
she was declared brain dead , and a judge has agreed with that .
the vatican is hosting a conference on stem cell research , beginning april 11 .
 maria sharapova 's run of fine form on clay ends at the rome masters .
he appeared in court wednesday and was charged with second-degree murder .
suspected maoists assaulted their camp in west bengal state on monday .
kohn : powerful anti-union interests could use this to chip away at unions even more .
 christina fulton to seek conservatorship for 20-year-old son with nicolas cage .
`` i do n't want to have anything to do with my mother , '' weston cage tells cnn .
new : no details are given on when kim and ri sol ju were married .
little is known about the youthful leader of the reclusive country .
former strongman alfredo stroessner known as brutal dictator from 1954-89 .
great bear rainforest , british columbia , contains ancient red cedars .
a federal judge called the request `` entirely baseless '' in a scathing ruling .
cheney says obama may be worse president than jimmy carter .
large-capacity magazines `` have a tendency to jam , '' the source says .
2 u.s. embassy employees were wounded friday .
 in the 1960s , the world was divided into `` developed -- or western '' and `` developing '' .
 vietnam 's first mcdonald 's restaurant opened in ho chi minh city on february 8 .
taliban capture six soldiers , afghan forces kill 23 taliban in the fighting , officials say .
 martin kaymer scores second 65 in two days at u.s. open .
franceso molinari moves up with joint best of day 67 .'
that 's a increase on the $ 3.75 million that was shared between 10 players in 2013 .
 cymothoa exigua destroys fish 's tongue .
blaskiewicz teaches course on conspiracy theories at georgia institute of technology .
raid comes amid crackdown on sex trafficking of minors .'
`` toad '' is among the most-censored words on china 's twitter-like sina weibo .
they hope that this will lead to a halt in tehran 's nuclear program .
the aid workers are with the norwegian refugee council .
 most teens prefer texting to talking on cell phones , pew research center survey says .
johnny lewis , 28 , apparently fell to his death , police say .
letters filled with anthrax sent to senate , media after september 11 attacks .
skytrax named the top airport hotels earlier this month .'
florida mom reportedly tweets about son 's death .
former anti-drug czar , state attorney general also charged with embezzlement .
m/v iceberg and crew of 24 are held by 50 pirates .
 new : a man accepted a warning related to the alleged incident , london police say .
fbi analyst concluded in 2011 insane clown posse fans are a `` loosely-organized hybrid gang '' .
demanding more rights is not un-islamic , say women campaigners .
 the aid is intended to help more than 1 million drought victims .
the quake struck about 70 miles from the city of chengdu in sichuan .
 the national weather service forecasts 40-to-50 foot waves for oahu .
 president obama 's inaugural address eschews poetry for rhetorical power .
jan brewer signed the bill tuesday night .
 dove world outreach center to host `` international burn a quran day '' .
tsunami warnings lifted for most of the pacific rim .
pacific tsunami warning center earlier canceled warning for hawaii .
 darryl and erika mccauley pleaded guilty to stealing from the comedian .
darryl mccauley was the comedian 's business manager for years .
 kindle paperwhite e-reader will feature a touchscreen and a fiber-optic lighting system .
a 4g version of the larger kindle fire hd will be available for $ 499 .'
southern art at the intercontinental in atlanta features an `` artisanal ham bar ''
the federal aviation administration rates international aviation authorities .
 hugo chavez 's embalmed body is to be placed on display in a glass casket .
 may 25 is national missing children 's day , chosen because of etan patz .
 new startup made its creator `` the most hated person in san francisco '' .
 alaska has the highest men-to-women ratio in the country .
jerk.com has claimed that the profiles were created by users .'
robert de niro sr. was gay and private about his sexuality .
 scotland is holding a referendum on independence on september 18 .
he was chairman of the joint chiefs of staff under president clinton .'
navy official says two f/a -18 hornets collided in western pacific .
 websites will participate in internet slowdown day on wednesday .
 a gallup poll says congress has the second-lowest ethical standards of any profession .
 serena williams out of the australian open after fourth round defeat .
 the liberal advocacy group mixes footage of the ebola outbreak with republicans saying the word `` cut '' .
the group 's president blamed republicans for the ebola crisis and `` thousands of deaths '' .
 house subcommittee opens hearing looking into aarp 's tax-exempt status .
the phone 's alarm clock app apparently did not reset for daylight saving time .
 english fa chairman greg dyke committed to recruiting more black coaches .
community board of lower manhattan voted unanimously to support the project .
 the anderson monarchs are a little league team from philadelphia 's inner city .
the team has also met members of the negro leagues .
it was among several high-profile rape cases in india .'
mobile gaming advanced with new iphone chip .
sen. john mccain issues statement supporting facility 's closure .
 novak djokovic thrashes tomas berdych 6-0 6-2 in china open final .
having one seizure does not signal epilepsy , and there can be many causes , experts say .
 the world cup is expected to bring in billions to brazil 's economy .
country has experienced wide protests over hosting the world cup .
as a boy , williams saw how his stern father laughed at winters on television .
his case has drawn attention to other americans held in the region .
many travel from the region to turkey or france for the procedure .
 there are some differences between `` the hobbit '' book and the new film .
 do n't worry about looking ridiculous in lederhosen : everyone does .
 scientists are trying to land a probe on comet 67p/churyumov-gerasimenko .
argentine coach diego maradona was on hand to watch messi 's heroics .
he was accused of poisoning famed oak trees at auburn .
 al-shabaab is an al-qaeda-linked militant group based in somalia .
al-qaeda group in syria denounces muslim countries participating in airstrikes .'
klm is founding partner of skynrg , a supplier of sustainable jet fuel .'
 former ac milan and italy star gennaro gattuso investigated in match fixing probe .
there are a number of factors that determine if and when phones can work from airplanes .
bush , other former administration officials have touted program 's success .
barclays center set to open in september 2012 .
a taliban commander calls the casualties local tribesmen .'
torture , including being hung upside down , began when woman was 16 .
with two other rappers , he began the group three 6 mafia .
zambia bans travelers from ebola countries .
martino spent last season in charge of barcelona .
andy hill says .
nsa says there are checks and it 's only used lawfully for foreign intel targets .
 crew member stabbed pirate in the hand to retake maersk alabama , sailor says .
mercedes sank during battle of cape st. mary , killing 200 spanish sailors , civilians .
 tibetan medical experts want more collaborative projects with modern medicine .
 marilyn burns was a college student when she landed her `` texas chainsaw massacre '' role .
 new : police release 911 tape from harvard professor 's arrest .
the obama administration has started a debate on gun control .'
the camp is conducted over google hangouts and focuses on diy projects .
jared james abrahams is accused of hijacking webcams of young women .
chiang mai 's most famous dish is khao soi , a savory noodles dish .
the spot highlights brown 's ties with a company that outsources jobs .
 there is a shortage of liver transplant donors in the united states .
third quarter sees ready for hillary focus on more than just fundraising .
ireporter carlos ortega says beachfront houses are gone in his neighborhood .
the women 's driving campaign event on saturday drew many supporters .
 `` the simpsons '' will meet their `` tracey ullman '' counterparts .
 lawyer for detained estonian security officer eston kohver says he 's charged with spying .
boko haram has kidnapped before and nigeria has conceded at least once .
the world wide web and wikipedia were both developed by coins .
`` i am just getting started , '' he says in a defense department video .
 nigeria banned from international football competitions .
this month , vote for your top five western painters of the 20th century .'
the commission will give its report to president obama in september .'
obeidallah : there is no incentive for miley to change , but what path will she take ?
he has been under fire for comments he made about player luol deng .
if pistorius knew he was shooting at reeva steenkamp , he committed murder .
democrats say cruz wants a government shutdown .
it 's her first interview since stepping down as secretary of state .
 report into chinese zoos and safari parks found abuse of perforrming animals .
he was among 88 other law officers in puerto rico indicted last year .
she claims the dallas cowboys owner touched her genitals .
 fifa says u.s. world cup fans have been more active than those in any other country .
` twitter is like an instant focus group , ' says a social media strategist in the industry .
war , deforestation and bushmeat trade are all threatening bonobos .
 nicki minaj tweeted that her high school declined a speaking engagement .
the department of education said alumni are welcome unless it interrupts learning .'
the family sues the funeral home that dealt with his remains .
slovenia drops its bid after 16 rounds of voting .
deal ends speculation that oscars could move to a newer theater .
pop groups go through years of training before their debut .
sonny forriest jr. 's limb was on his chair while he entertained fans outside the stadium .
a professor says at least 80 % of its signs are distinct from american sign language .
orbsys shower saves more than 90 % water and 80 % energy while you wash .
of the men arrested , eight are players for the two clubs .'
buyers are hoping prices go down and sellers are hoping prices go up .
 st petersburg , dreamt up by tsar peter the great , is now best known as president vladimir putin 's hometown .
the concorde room at heathrow is a soothing retreat .
chicago mayor rahm emanuel : `` our kids only get heard when there is a shot ''
 daniele watts insists she has a right to refuse to give police her id .
she yelled .
 nike carried ad calling oscar pistorius a bullet .
 new : 16 egyptian soldiers were killed and seven were wounded sunday in the attack .
new : muslim brotherhood blames israel for the attack .
 the magazine garden and gun released `` the southerner 's handbook : a guide to living the good life '' .
 jimmy fallon jokes on `` the tonight show '' that he signed britney spears up for tinder .
to date , very few large chinese technology companies have emerged .
 census estimate : florida , expected to overtake new york in population , remains no.
global heritage fund has some fascinating picks around the world .
explore one of the oldest cultures in peru , pre-dating machu picchu .
 valentino rossi wins san marino motogp at misano .
reports say abc and nbc engineered a `` swap ''
 new york city transit system sustains `` devastating '' damage .
obama has `` a fruitcake interpretation of the constitution , '' dobson says .
 cdc : about 60 % of oropharyngeal cancers are related to human papillomavirus .
arsenal manager arsene wenger calls sanchez a `` fantastic '' footballer .
guardiola has won plaudits for barca 's devastating passing style .
 expert : more you talk about before moving in together , the better your success .
designed to look like a rising sun , hotel exterior is covered in more than 10,000 glass panels .
 the house could vote this week on the arming and training of syrian rebels .
 randy pausch set an example of a good death for the terminally ill .
author : he used his skills to go on `` living until the moment he died '' .
 police beef up security around churches .
the accident was the result of inadequate lighting on the barges , john 's attorneys say .
 a judge also sentences george huguely to three years ' probation .
michael jackson 's mother is no longer a partner in the tribute belt sale .
 the tiny nymphaea thermarum is stolen from the royal botanic gardens at kew .
maj. bennie adkins honored for his actions in vietnam in 1966 .
adkins was wounded 18 times during the battle for camp a shau .
cnn exclusively reported veterans dying while on wait list in phoenix , arizona .
they allegedly set up an organization aimed at overthrowing the government .
 alexander kristoff wins 15th stage of tour de france .
microcystin , a toxin caused by algae blooms , found in the water system .
 facebook makes announcement at its headquarters on wednesday .
 police search home of british singer cliff richard .
about half will experience withdrawal syndrome if they do n't partake .
 police arrest 33 suspects in connection with a diamond heist at brussels airport .
 an annual brand survey ranks google no.
 obama talks about interrogation techniques used after 9/11 .
hln money expert clark howard says he bought his wife 's engagement ring at costco .
designers hope mini-pc will inspire children to learn about computer programming .
kenyatta and three others will stand trial on human rights violations .
 paramount is moving forward with a `` teenage mutant ninja turtles '' movie .
the black hole known as markarian 335 is capturing and bending nearby x-ray light .
stern gave a eulogy leading with an off-color joke .
the yacht is 57-feet longer than russian billionaire roman abramovich 's eclipse .
sources say they are charged in 2007 shooting that killed 17 iraqis .
 macneill shows no emotion as the verdict is read .
it 's the third marriage for kennedy , an environmental lawyer and activist .
 squirrel stops plays at second-tier english football game .
jay z previously responded to critics with an open letter and a new song .
the cause of the accident is unknown .
 li na saves match point to reach the fourth round of the australian open .
buildings are damaged in quapaw , oklahoma , a state emergency official says .
 vintage clothes a hit with fashionistas across africa .
 the couple wants both their names listed on birth certificate .
 venezuela 's supreme court orders the seizure of globovision 's assets .
the private broadcaster will pay a fine to avoid the action .
fighting over an 11th century temple erupts along thai-cambodia border .
testimony in the case will begin july 1 , the judge ruled .
 judge judy tells larry king that americans can buckle down , get through crisis .
 the africa justice foundation was co-founded by cherie blair .
 israeli designers build affordable earthquake-proof table .
one man screams .
 during george w. bush 's presidency , world leaders visited his texas ranch .
petition started after a school teacher was shot dead .
 the united states believes pro-russian rebels shot down the malaysia air jetliner .
in recent years , only about 10 % of students regularly walk to school .
an initial evaluation finds him not competent to stand trial .
 ocd with religious obsessions is called scrupulosity .
exposure therapy helps patients face uncertainty .'
obama could expand deferrals to shield some undocumented immigrants from deportation .
if he decideds to run for president , `` then i will articulate a full position on it '' .
hagan 's strength could provide democrats a playbook for winning north carolina in 2016 .
 glaad announced 93 nominees in english-language categories .
 churches destroyed monday were just three miles apart .
he was deported from britain last year after a legal battle lasting years .'
competed in two olympic games in track and field .
it occurs in mohmand agency in the country 's tribal region .
six deaths reported this summer because of amoeba .
christie emphasizes his broad-based support in winning re-election .
park hyatt vienna has a show-stopping gilded bath .
there is `` no credible evidence '' to support such an allegation , say police .
 suspect charged with gang assault , unlawful imprisonment .
 round-the-world ticket offered by great rail journeys begins and ends in london .
the show based on hayden 's custom weapons company ended its fifth season in may .
witnesses spoke to human rights watch .
 `` ford nation '' was canceled one day after it debuted on canada 's sun news network .
 mutations in the tumor-suppressing gene brca1 can increase the risk of cancer .
a test can help detect mutations , but can cost hundreds or thousands of dollars .
 larry wilmore will take over stephen colbert 's time slot on comedy central .
wilmore will bring cable news panel style satire to `` the minority report ''
 chinese-australian artist guo jian to be deported from china .
tea party member : obama wants to spread the wealth .
save the children has released 10 tips on how to help children cope with tragedy .
corwin was three months pregnant , authorities say .'
she became famous for signing the `` show me your papers '' law .
 `` blackfish '' examines the 2010 incident when a killer whale killed its trainer .
 her husband was working to end preventable blindness in afghanistan .
the machine has helped dozens of newborns in malawi survive .
deaths of two electric zoo concert-goers believed to be linked to mdma , police say .
one doctor recommends waiting until a child is at least 6 months old .'
 cathay pacific wins world 's airliner of the year title .
britain 's competition watchdog said sale of airports will encourage competition .
a man wanted to divert the plane to sochi .
 `` dancing with the stars '' competitor lolo jones was the first to go home .
 november election date -- a government concession -- under threat .
 billy bob thornton and boxmasters band mates appear on canadian radio show .
 london-based satellite communications company inmarsat talks to cnn .
 white house state dinners have a storied history .
ethiopians and somalis were on a boat that capsized off somali coast .
 marvel comics artists make anthony smith , 5 , an honorary avenger .
parishioners marched wearing t-shirts with church 's name , but with blank banner .
 `` situation is serious , '' warns intelligence briefing on taliban in afghanistan .
experts are divided over whether plane could have slipped past radar .
the opposition unita party voiced concerns about irregularities .
u.s. sanctions target 20 russian officials , bank rossiya , treasury department says .
`` we 're a culture , not a costume '' campaign includes `` appalachian hick '' stereotype .
 cuba imports 80 percent of its food ; officials hope to lower that number .
 russia to stop using orbiting laboratory in 2020 , deputy prime minister says .
 thousands of iranian-americans in the u.s. cast their absentee ballots .
former pm gordon brown : `` we who vote ` no ' love our scotland and love our country '' .
the indian point facility sits some 25 miles from new york city .
democratic leaders say child immigrants must have a full hearing .'
 authorities searched for 12-year-old charlie bothuell v for 11 days .
a december 2012 rape provoked outrage across india .
much of his first day was spent dealing with paperwork .
the state department blames afghanistan 's security efforts for not controlling the spread .
 survey : discrimination affects latinas ' self-confidence and performance .
 russian railways has announced multi-billon dollar projects in the middle east .
she also apologizes for the initial response to the ferry sinking .
 russia plans to take custody of ukraine 's combat dolphins , news agency reports .
 `` shoeless '' joe jackson 's 1911 bat goes for nearly $ 1 million at auction .
 queen elizabeth ii posts her first tweet as she opens a new museum gallery .
ukrainian officials say russia is repositioning some troops massed on its border .
cocoa farmers are skeptical about government talks of reform .
australian crew calls new objects one of their `` most promising leads ''
but he denies he 's seeking independence , saying he only want to protect tibetan culture .
postal service representative says list is still subject to change .'
 robert german , 31 , was one of 12 officers in windermere , florida , a town of 2,500 .
 relatives of passengers express doubts about the malaysian announcement .
 `` this is a global problem , '' author deepak chopra says .
lz : who does n't change in 10 years ?
 the boy band announces on the road again tour .
 if you have n't tried these street foods , you have n't been to delhi .
 thailand and cambodia agree to implement a court order on a disputed temple .
`` bassoon '' .
the secret service formed the elite unit in 1971 .
 doctors showed ariel sharon pictures of his family and used other stimuli .
rove , the gop strategist , questioned hillary clinton 's injuries in a 2012 fall .
biden will try to get to know vice president xi jinping .
u.s. government panel calls arrests a sign of vanishing religious freedom in iran .
gosselins announced separation on monday 's show ; they 've filed for divorce .
 cnn exclusive : christiane amanpour interviews ukrainian president petro poroshenko .
russia 's putin and ukraine 's new president-elect do not rule out meeting in france .
 margaret stock : armed forces expect to face another recruiting crisis as economy recovers .
dish has about 14 million subscribers .
his family thanks the north korean government for taking care of jun 's health .
 concussion expert says kids should n't be tackling , body checking until 14 .
gongaware managed jackson 's two tours in the 1990s .
long bets will take long-term wagers on the shape of the future .
 a new jersey teen sues her parents to pay her college costs .
1 had the crowd behind her as she upset maria sharapova .
 illinois lt. gov.
 new : the irs inspector general says liberal groups also were on target list .
 45 % on facebook poll say post-arab spring policies should be top task .
 dale beatty 's nonprofit helps disabled veterans who have various housing issues .
the officer will have to `` explain a reason for each of those six shots , '' a legal analyst says .
 seattle police link coffeehouse , downtown-area shootings .
the suspect shot himself as police approached him , police said .'
`` if the priority is to save lives '' in syria , there is no need for such a resolution , diplomat says .
sky chefs begins the process to dismiss the case ; says it did not cater the flight in question .'
drogba has subsequently apologized for his actions in official club statement .
 new : royal family issues statement about judge 's decision , will appeal .
homeland security secretary jeh johnson called the enhanced security precautionary .
the couple has been plagued by breakup rumors from the start .
army 's decision comes at urging of two congressmen .
one story arc will be spread out over two films .'
syria 's civil war has claimed some 70,000 lives .
hhs secretary to unveil new rules at rosalynn carter symposium on mental health policy .
a lloyds of london underwriter insured jackson 's concert for $ 17.5 million .
authorities investigating the shooting did not respond directly to the report .
 elizabeth dole , once considered a lock for re-election , now seen as likely to lose .
the plane landed safely , southwest says .
clinton helped veto a bankruptcy bill .
 rachel strengthens into a hurricane , centered 460 miles off mexico 's coast .
 ` constantine , ' the latest comic book based series , premiered friday .
 vermont poised to pass legislation to legalize same-sex marriage .
 rev.
ireport : more `` empire '' memories .
 a man stabs 8 children and a teacher at a primary school in hubei province .
ernst said ` it was quite evident ' the paper would back her opponent , which they did .
 donto james recalls his mother 's love for her band and her feisty nature .
july 4 arrest came after woman complained to police about barry .
the flight data recorder is likely on the bottom , but would be a `` gold mine ''
pagan fatally shot himself in the head after the double shooting .
 the millennium development goals include halving extreme poverty by 2015 .
 manchester united has completed the signing of angel di maria .
she will compete with younger sister in relay at commonwealth games .
three states currently allow same-sex marriage .
bangoura cites fears of his rayo vallecano club teammates over ebola .
 ben ainslie is the most successful sailor in olympic history .
his lifelong ambition is to win the america 's cup for britain .
 in the early 90 's rapper ice cube released the track `` it was a good day '' .
 kurdish security forces arbitrarily detain , torture people , amnesty international says .
plastics , food and medical waste from base among trash burned .
 novak djokovic booked his place in the quarter finals at indian wells .
the wildfire has destroyed 40 homes , a fire official says .
president al-assad fires the head of government in daraa , where protests are occurring .
 sony says it found a file linking the anonymous hacker group to a recent attack .
he now works at the 9/11 memorial as a visitor services host .
 `` girls '' actress allison williams will play peter pan .
 brothers diagnosed with choroideremia knew they were going blind .
trick-or-treat !
 joel and victoria osteen pastor america 's largest church , visit `` larry king live '' .
in new film , sarah connor has been raised by t-800 .
yahoo currently has about 16 % of the web search market .
rainier .
the match created a diplomatic incident between egypt and algeria .
 jason woodring , 37 , was arrested saturday by federal authorities .
he says doctors without borders , in particular , has emerged for its inspiring heroism .
 the original knights templar began fighting in medieval crusades .
 new : wind chill falls to -51 f in rugby , north dakota .
state supreme court ruling could set a precedent as other states seek to expand their programs .
 co-host will be rejoining the show .
the social game became facebook 's no.
mallet : gbagbo loyalists are raping and killing supporters of ouattara .
president obama has been criticized for not attacking isis in syria .
 new : firefighters put out flames at radio france 's headquarters in paris .
the 27-year-old was captain of south africa and orlando pirates .
preliminary lab tests show ricin on two letters , postal workers union says .
postal service tells workers they are n't at risk , union says .
michael vick 's nonprofit has donated $ 200,000 to build the team a new field .
the security forces are responsible for a number of forced disappearances , the report says .
 venezuela 's vice president asks throngs of chavez supporters to take a loyalty oath .
sher mohammed and his 22-year-old wife had three daughters .
 mensa and match.com join to launch an exclusive dating service .
hotels are debuting fancy new bingsu this summer .
 andrew thomas gallo , 23 , was on probation from a prior drunken driving conviction .
critics say the game 's release , a month after the newtown shootings , is insensitive .
she and her husband are accused of abusing their adopted children .'
 nasa wants to land astronauts on an asteroid in the 2020s .
`` i 'm scared .
perry .
u.n. estimates more than 50,000 civilians trapped in area under siege .
 michael j. fox 's nbc show has been pulled from the network 's schedule .
a seattle-area man says someone impersonated him to get money from his friends .
 former chelsea striker didier drogba is reported to be earning $ 300,000 a week in china .
there will be an unprecedented global transfer of power because of oil , report says .
umbrella group islamic state of iraq accused of exaggerating in propaganda .
losing it .
petition to deport bieber has more than 273,000 signatures .
 google says its self-driving cars are getting better on city streets .
hilo is about 2,300 miles from monterey , california , where the plane departed from .
he was a veteran hollywood actor , having appeared in many movies and tv series .
gadhafi 's son has warned of a possible civil war if protesters do not back down .
 pilot and co-pilot eject before the crash , newspaper reports .
 mcdonald 's to open restaurant in the mall of the world 's most visited museum .
taken by korean photographer choi byung kwan .
 adaptive dance is class specifically for children with down syndrome .
filming the sex scenes were n't sexy , he said .
he hopes that sharing his journey will help someone else .
 defense called 21 witnesses in former president 's war crimes trial .
proceeds from wednesday 's match in madrid will go to rafael nadal 's foundation .
mother shared story with blogger tony posnanski , who posted it on cnn ireport .
residents in southern taiwan report blackouts ; train services disrupted .'
the environmental protection agency is increasing monitoring nationwide .
office and home have been searched , officials say .
they say attacks bore signs of transnational group inspired by al qaeda .
fowle spoke to cnn in september to ask the u.s. for help .
jamie lynn spears is 16 , and her boyfriend -- the father of her child -- is 18 .
 new : barbro holmberg resting at tiger woods ' home , hospital spokesman says .
the prototype is one of three that was considered by the cia .
a banking error gave him access to $ 10 million new zealand dollars .'
 democratic presidential candidates blast the president for his rhetoric against iran .
 pat tillman quit the nfl in 2002 to join the army after september 11 .
writers : nfl in denial on domestic abuse .
 french lawmakers propose ban on burqa in some public places including hospitals and schools .
 winslet receives two leading actress nominations at the baftas .
`` slumdog millionaire '' and brad pitt film receive 11 nominations each .
 apple maps places city of mildura in national park , 70 kilometers from actual location .
 an austrian lawyer died after being attacked by a shark saturday .
he was part of a cageless shark tour led by jim abernethy 's company .
the cause of the crash is under investigation .'
it 'll be based on one of harry potter 's textbooks .
 president obama 's approval rating is 42 % in new cnn/orc international poll .
12 republicans join democrats in overcoming a filibuster attempt .
`` we 're all standing on dennis ' shoulders , '' expert says .
a trusted osama bin laden courier was a key to locating bin laden .
gary farlow , the company 's founder , started out making simple glass toys .
 oscar pistorius is set to be sentenced on tuesday .
 the legislation changes the way wall street does business .
the wall street reform bill passed last week on a 60 to 39 vote .
a u.s. marine is being held on a warship ; an investigation in under way .'
 kerry kickstarted latest peace effort eight months ago .
dole introduces romney with a 2016 endorsement .
an outreach program in l.a. urged illegal immigrants to fill out census .
 pacific islands forum saw new commitments to ocean protection .
chris christie visited 19 states in 5 days while campaigning for governors .
report looks into 2008 death of green beret in shower at u.s. base .
 new : the results -- 15 votes for obama , six for mccain .
the town has hardly been a reliable bellwether for picking the president .'
muslims have prayed in city for most of its history , she says , likely starting with slaves .
one of the three cases involves the death this summer of kelly thomas , a homeless man .'
 white seventh grade boy thinks his parents would not support him if he dated a black girl .
he called darren criss and matt bomer 's cover `` pop ` glee style , ' ultra-dry , sounded pretty tuned '' .
but khameneh says he does n't manage the page and can not take it down .
the city faces a $ 45 million shortfall as millions in revenues have evaporated .'
meeting is latest unusual n. korea move at a time its leader has n't been seen .
 mitch mcconnell is set to lead the republican senate and vowed to restore ` regular order ' .
rep. chris van hollen says those cuts `` have made it more difficult '' to handle the ebola outbreak .
`` korea 's future depends on you , '' he tells thousands of children .
they want an end to tax that helps fund obamacare .
`` it 's taken us five years to get here , '' says professor jeffrey hangst .
african-american scholar henry louis gates jr. had confrontation with police .
camuti accused of poisoning rakes with iced coffee .'
police are now investigating this allegation , but have n't released any details .
debbie wasserman schultz argued the gop is `` out of touch '' .
a democratic report blames agents in arizona for fast and furious .
a group called the conficker cabal is trying to hunt down solutions .
stacey nicole english was reported missing after christmas .
police have warrants for at least two others , ages 19 and 14 .
 roger federer wins basel title for sixth time .
 emilie parker , 6 , was killed friday at sandy hook elementary school .
isis closing in on the kobani area of syria .'
one would charge doctors for doing abortions if there 's a fetal heartbeat detected .
the woman found as many as five bears rooting through her garbage , deputies say .
hammon says she was sexually abused by her father and brothers .
acl injuries are increasing among young athletes .
the explosion was set off at a subway station in an upper-class neighborhood .
it was taken in paris , france , in 1838 , by louis daguerre .
frontier is one airline that refunds bag fees if your bag does n't arrive on your flight .
world health organization recommends emergency measures in pakistan .
 the henry graves supercomplication watch sold for $ 24.4 million .
 french author patrick modiano wins the nobel prize for literature .
he is honored `` for the art of memory , '' says nobel committee .
result marks city 's first victory in three matches .
rousseff is brazil 's first female president and was once a marxist rebel .
cacao `` a very strong engine of growth '' in upper peruvian amazon forest .
 glyn johns says dylan proposed recording with beatles , stones .
ronaldo takes his tally to 31 goals this season in all competitions .
film will focus on group 's touring years .
 the german-made `` multicopter '' has made its first manned flight .
 project brabham aims to bring back the brabham team to motorsport .
haas co-owns a nascar team with champion racer tony stewart .
 zara phillips gives birth to a baby girl -- a fourth great-grandchild for the queen .
burkina faso president blaise compaore said friday that he resigned .
 house gop will elect boehner speaker on thursday .
98 % of donations to brazil 's 2010 presidential election winner came from corporations , ti brazil says .
who : 4,951 deaths and 13,567 cases of ebola up to october 29 .'
 richard branson says reports of his financing a led zeppelin reunion are false .
branson says that making up the story is disrespectful to the band members ' careers .
 the crash occurred in a province in the north , near vietnam .
she says it 's important to look at brain activity and function .
republicans say obama and democrats must ease their liberal agenda .
 a colorado school switched to standards-based learning .
however , library e-book acquisition has been complicated by higher publisher prices .
 vogue china editor-in-chief angelica cheung : luxury market `` multi-layered '' .
302 syrian kurdish fighters also died in battles with isis , group says .
cutoff in flow is part of the key `` well integrity '' pressure test .
colorado senate president faces petition drive .
three men being returned to united states , charged under protect act .
there are more gop women governors , but fewer congresswomen than democrats .
minaj and mariah carey both announce their exits from `` american idol '' after 1 season .
 president obama says beverly eckert was `` tireless advocate '' .
u.s. and bolivia have also been involved in ambassador squabble .
supreme court again holds law 's fate in its hands .
simon : cancer has been one of the most amazing experiences of my life .
 homosexual players in football remain scarce with robbie rogers the latest to come out and then retire .
new : an fbi agent testifies barrett can be heard on a video saying `` knockout , baby ! ''
 vardzia is an isolated mountain valley , home to a 12th century cave monastery .
oh is inspired by the idea of impermanence .'
on saturday , attackers destroyed mainok village in nigeria , killing 39 people .
 20,000 people expected at put people first march ahead of g-20 summit .
a lake house owned by mississippi gov.
haley barbour is flooded .
 heart disease is the no.
 new : natalee holloway 's dental records are sent to the hague .
 natalee holloway 's dental records are sent to the hague this week .
the u.s. olympic committee and several european countries received the threat .
medical examiner 's office says her death was an accident .
 `` underworlds '' project will analyze sewage to spot diseases .
the league was suspended after hamas seized gaza 's top sports clubs .
 new va rule makes it easier for veterans to get ptsd benefits .
 jaycee dugard was just 11 when she was abducted .
her memoir , `` a stolen life , '' is due in stores on tuesday .
 a new genetic disorder called ngly1 deficiency is identified in eight patients .
 malaysia airlines says there 's no evidence of phone contact from flight 370 .
 victim 's lawyer says dottie sandusky `` remains remarkably unremorseful '' .
british police said death was not being treated as suspicious .
 michael jackson , diana ross met when he was 9 years old .
researchers believe king tut had clubfoot , malaria .
 univision will delay its broadcast of the latin grammys to air president obama 's immigration speech .
the only two films with bigger opening weekends were both sequels .
`` the hunger games '' is based on the first book in a young-adult trilogy .
 new : protesters take to the streets once more in sao paulo .
 ted ligety wins world cup giant slalom at soelden .
chris christie 's national prospects hard .
father john park has been making regular visits to a church in the north .
he was fined $ 500 , but luckily the bar has a spare toe , so the tradition continues .
 sepp blatter tells cnn world sport 's pedro pinto there is no on-field racism in football .
a third-party security researcher found and reported the bug .'
sources : ayatollah ali khamenei has n't replied to letter sent before june 12 election .
bill richardson to communist north korea .
`` defending unpopular clients is what lawyers do , '' clement wrote .
democratic connecticut gov.
this comes after new sanctions were levied against russia for its actions in ukraine .
state did n't have money to make repairs , so residents did it themselves .
 three goldstone report co-authors stand by mission .
both sides criticize israel , hamas for lack of investigations .'
alito : some columns are ` written by people who are not very knowledgeable '
 mike mcqueary was a key prosecution witness in the case against jerry sandusky .
 disney 's new live-action `` cinderella '' has been unveiled .
diplomatic facilities closed in indonesia and sudan .
italy 's leonardo ghiraldini banned for 15 weeks for gouging eyes of ireland 's cian healy .
 the appeals court rules that a hearing will be scheduled in november .
jan brewer had requested oral arguments in september .
israeli police call it a `` price tag '' attack .
 duke settles lawsuit filed by three wrongly accused former lacrosse players .
study followed 135 middle-aged men who were diagnosed with adhd as children .
lawyer : morgan is fighting to get better .
obama has reputation as `` deporter-in-chief '' with hispanic voters , he says .
 gunman identified as colton tooley , 19 , of austin .
 dole is recovering from knee surgery at walter reed army medical center .
 scientists find deep hole on moon that could be suitable for colony .
the state conducted surprise inspections after a meningitis outbreak .
sen. john mccain : if he were putin , he would be nervous over raging protests .
 twice as much contamination found in imported spices as other imports .
clarence `` clancy '' prevost receives $ 5 million from state department thursday .
 supreme court justices will continue to follow same rules as other judges , says roberts .
 coastal highway 1 in maine is dotted with over 60 lighthouses .
 dolly parton withdraws from venture with gaylord entertainment .
in that time , cancer spread through his nose .
take a tour of art deco structures in miami beach .
 residents in ferguson , missouri , plan to march about the case of michael brown .
 base jumpers head to west virginia to jump off new river gorge bridge .
the company is now selling socks , time pieces and fragrances .
failing to qualify for champions league will cost club more than 30 million pounds .
recalled cases were from wolverine packing co. .
u.s. district judge ruled his facebook `` like '' was n't protected by first amendment .
ruffin , brother of temptations singer david ruffin , died monday in las vegas .
her husband , political strategist stan greenberg , entered the home during the break-in .
metropolitan police department arrested a suspect at the scene .
 the 2014 formula one world champion will be decided at the abu dhabi grand prix , sunday .
lewis hamilton leads his mercedes teammate nico rosberg by 17 points .
 unesco officials decide to honor mariachi music .
a 3 - to 4-foot hole is discovered in a plane 's fuselage .
luxury items cost 30 % to 40 % more in china than u.s. and europe .
observers say democrats are hoping a medical marijuana initiative could help crist .
 liverpool striker luis suarez hit with 10-game ban by english football association .
 luis suarez accused of biting an opponent during uruguay 's win over italy .
app 's photo-recognition searches petfinder for the closest match .
he says president obama is going too far with executive action .
several other lawsuits have been filed regarding his death .
the rapper must return to federal prison for 11 months .
the series won star kelsey grammer a golden globe .
 man from bangladesh charged with attempting to detonate bomb outside federal reserve building .
a photography competition celebrated the country 's heritage and history .
the comedian has either denied or declined to address the allegations .
rakhine state is home to the majority of myanmar 's rohingya , a stateless muslim group .
expert who looked at numbers said it now may be impossible to balance the budget .
 inspector grabbed instrument used to measure outside air temperature .
the probes could have been damaged , so planes were grounded , inspected .
 of the 13 homeless people who agreed to take part , 11 are now off the streets .
in malaysia , it says , migrants from other asian countries have been trapped in forced labor .'
 george eads will reportedly leave ` csi ' soon .
christie said parents are n't focused on the minimum wage .
 three autopsies have been conducted in michael brown 's death .
pathologists looking at signs of struggle , wounds and gunpowder .
 a decommissioned u.s. navy warship was intentionally sunk off the florida keys .
the style 's pioneers promoted their music by giving their cds to taxi drivers .
 winds carried kite-surfer into the air , slamming him into a beach and a building .
decision applies only to buenos aires ; same-sex unions in most of argentina remain illegal .
 u.s. navy is one step closer to a workable ray gun with the laser weapon system .
 u.s. should drop charges , india 's foreign minister says .
f is for free culture , a group that rejects the idea of modern copyright law .
 north korea accused of dozens of abductions of japanese citizens during the 1970 's and 80 's .
 wi-fi hot spot named for al qaeda terror network delays american airlines flight .
he got treatment at the mayo clinic for bipolar depression .
two were sentenced to death for the killing of a woman who refused to give them her number .
the united states has allocated a total of $ 275 million for iron dome .
under pistole , tsa backed off plan to allow small knives , other items back on flights .
allen did not have an affair with jill kelley , the official says .
zimmerman was found not guilty of murder in martin 's 2012 shooting death .
the government crushed and incinerated elephant tusks .
pharrell williams has topped the charts with his song `` happy '' .
easyjet is also trialing drones for plane inspections .
`` god is light and in him there is no darkness at all , '' the pope says .
cambodia is leading the way in bear rescues in asia .
 hbo to air kurt cobain documentary in 2015 .
 washington state officials release proposed rules for marijuana sales .
state lawmakers issued moratorium on drone use in february 2013 .
the `` sex and the city '' actor called character carrie bradshaw `` a whore '' .
he also is n't happy with how `` sex and the city '' depicted new york .
 police lifted age restrictions for friday prayers .
 new : dna links jesse matthew to death of virginia tech student , source says .
wednesday was first day of school year in donetsk , rebels say .
 hospital says pele 's condition improved with move to icu .
 an elephant bird egg is to be auctioned in london at christie 's .
five-time champions liverpool held by bulgarians ludogorets .
 a woman is killed in shelling near mariupol , the local government says .
 fujairah , one of seven emirates which make up the uae , is emerging as a global energy hub .
 chinese airports perform worst for on-time flights .
at beijing capital international airport , 18.3 % of flights left on time .
 republican nan hayworth is challenging openly gay rep. sean patrick maloney .
no loaded language this time from president obama , attorney general holder .
a friend says he texted him and said , `` i ca n't go out ''
 the actor had a basal cell carcinoma , a form of skin cancer , removed .
split would be along interstate 4 corridor , so disney world is in , daytona beach out .
he says inclusion of sunnis in iraqi government is essential to defeating isis .
students said they were concerned over how the responses would be used .
 new : protesters call for the prosecuting attorney to recuse himself .
 joni ernst has a four-point lead over rep. bruce braley in iowa 's senate race .
one souvenir shop at kansai international airport in osaka sells about 120 randoseru each month .
 the monty python team will be doing their first live show since 1980 .
the ftc is reviewing federal guidelines for all bloggers .
 a report by u.n. special rapporteur ben emmerson qc cites civilian drones casualties .
a 22-year-old woman was seen being forced into a car in philadelphia on sunday night .
braley is gaining with independents and women , while ernst leads with men .
spinello , creator of the game , needs a medical procedure .
officials : fbi probing cyberattacks targeting law enforcement in ferguson s .'
a federal judge ruled against davis , but he is appealing .
landrieu had 14 of the 15 democrats she needs to reach the 60 votes necessary for passage .'
 police say darren deon vann admitted to killing 7 women in northern indiana .
easier mobile reporting among is among the changes .
contract signed in december 2011 before leung was appointed chief executive .
boys call themselves `` roast busters '' in online posts , videos .
uefa president concerned that about summer heat in qatar .
romney : the whole rise in u.s. gas and oil production `` happened on private land '' .
charity rhinos without borders is planning to populate botswana with rhinos .
two south korean marines were killed ; 15 civilians and soldiers hurt .
 kenneth bae and matthew todd miller are the latest americans released from north korea .
carmen martinez ayuso had lived in the apartment for 50 years .
 news corp chairman rupert murdoch has apologized for `` grotesque '' cartoon .
sal salis ningaloo reef in australia uses solar power and composting toilets .
 in ollantaytambo , peru , you can see magnificent mountains and incan ruins .
the temple of the sun is at the highest point of the ollantaytambo ruins .
arrests are reported in new york , philadelphia and tampa .'
new zealanders voted on saturday after an explosive campaign .
police are investigating if there is a connection between morton and a suspect in other cases .
mike huckabee said michael brown could have avoided being shot .
baidu , which has 78 % share of china 's internet market , employs slightly more women than men , says li .
four people have died .
`` caught up , '' a popular mug paper , is dubbed a `` crime-fighting publication ''
sylvester stallone received 31st razzie nomination .
 a d.c. police officer was attacked in his car with an ax friday , police say .
 israeli military : a man who says he struck soldiers has turned himself in .
`` nothing is off the table completely , '' a senior u.s. official tells cnn .
novak makes his children 's book debut with `` the book with no pictures '' .
for greece , italy , spain and portugal , they represent sizable portions of the gdp .
discovered 68 new species of marine life never seen by scientists .
 a bomb goes off in the parking lot of a medical school in kano , nigeria , police say .
the president and his daughters visit a dc bookstore on `` small business saturday '' .
she died friday at a hospital , a week after being shot in her school cafeteria .
new york cabbies are entertaining storytellers .
 blase cupich , newly appointed archbishop of chicago , praised president obama 's immigration action .
 `` watch me '' is anjelica huston 's second memoir .
`` no concerts will take place , '' brooks promoter announced tuesday .
 the winning goal was scored in the second overtime period .
mayors of l.a. , new york wager on outcome .
 a hunter hawker aircraft goes down near naval base ventura county in california .
a common theme in both groups : their washington representatives do n't understand their struggle .
health workers returning from west africa will be home quarantined for 3 weeks .'
for other boozy variations , substitute bourbon , amaretto liqueur or frangelico for the wine .'
he says he thinks `` the internet is making us smarter , '' not dumber .
two americans infected with ebola will come to the u.s. , be treated in georgia .
nasa will move its orbiters to dodge comet dust .
 homeland security secretary jeh johnson testified on capitol hill on tuesday .
the helicopter crashed on a street in the southwestern city of gwangju .
organizers attempted the record on bangladesh 's victory day .
michelin added 19 new restaurants to this year 's bib gourmand list .
the independent senator was in iowa a month ago for three events .
 strong winds push melting ice onto lakeshore in minnesota .
 frank ocean unveiled a new song friday .
 investigators found actress misty upham 's body at the bottom of an embankment .
26-year-old german wins indian grand prix .
 tsa responds to criticism of pat downs for children with new procedures .
two women are arrested for participating in an unapproved demonstration .
liverpool 's joe cole sent off just before halftime for foul on laurent koscielny .
authorities are testing a mobile alert weather service to protect fishermen .
jackson 's mom and children contend aeg live is liable in the singer 's death .
the kennel owners were out of town ; they say it was an accident .
rick perry calls it a `` side issue '' .
army does not provide hormone therapy to prisoners , official says .
 another child in colorado is hospitalized with limb weakness , mri abnormalities .
12 children in colorado and four in boston have similar symptoms .
the developer will use it as a test route for three years .
the survivor says the behavior of the cruise 's crew was `` outrageous '' .
he will be 86 in 2018 .
he says the jellyfish could be the key to rejuvenation in humans .
dogfighting a felony in 48 states , a misdemeanor in idaho and wyoming .
proponents say genetic screening needs to be standardized .'
 the tsa has eased up on the 3-1-1 rule , just a little .
travelers transferring to a domestic flight can carry on their liquids .'
manchester city come from behind to beat swansea .'
the baby girl is named wyatt isabelle kutcher .
 rukhsar khatoon , 4 , is the last known case of polio in india .
 boston is a running town with plenty of scenic trails .
the north korean leader was expected to attend the annual ceremony at his father 's shrine .
he says if tobacco industry is given monopoly of e-cigarette products , public health will suffer .
obama is scheduled to campaign sunday in connecticut and pennsylvania .
 netflix 's `` house of cards '' in emmy race .
 l.a. 's koreatown is home to one of the city 's densest populations .
hong kong 's cheongsam industry boomed in 1960s .
 regina agyare is a leading technology entrepreneur from ghana .
unofficial star trek audio podcast `` continuing mission '' debuts december 25 .
the controversial mayor has a rare cancer , which has spread from his abdomen .
 u.s. is divided over who should be responsible for paying for health care .
the color assignments for republicans and democrats have flip-flopped over the years .'
 cnn latino welcomes emmy-winning journalist elizabeth espinosa as new host .
 charlottesville , virginia , police issue search warrant , wanted poster for jesse matthew .
 messi breaks spain 's scoring record .
the film played well with all ages , according to disney .
cuba has even offered to cooperate with the united states .'
 a joystick used by apollo 15 commander to land on the moon sold for over $ 600,000 .
 arsalan iftikhar : obama speech addressed key geopolitical issues .
he says president made progress toward detente with muslim world .
the plane was met by officials in hazmat suits .
 new : harris ' wife `` is thrilled with the district attorney 's decision , '' her lawyer says .
the team believes there 's another grave where black students may have been buried .
 no.
 siding spring came within 87,000 miles of mars -- close for a comet flyby .
a u.s. official says the man killed in the rescue was a member of navy seal team six .
rosenbaum : schools should provide strong health and physical education to students .
california also confirmed four cases of ev-d68 .
he took `` aggressive fighting stance , '' and a stun gun was used on him 3 times , police say .
 alexandra cousteau is continuing the legacy of her famous family .
share your photos from the remaining destinations with cnn ireport .
tila tequila was performing at the `` gathering of the juggalos '' .
woman 's husband said she was scheduled to get a flu shot .
despite this , panetta says u.s. troops should not be sent back to iraq .
 wednesday 's florida governor debate was delayed over crist 's use of a fan .
the singer 's lawsuit demands she be freed from her record deal .
 ricky blackman landed on the sex offender registry when he was 16 .
 black republican stacey dash , an actress , called louisiana blacks freeloaders .
kyrgyzstan dominated the games .'
1 in a recent study of airline passenger complaints .
 new : the seventh-generation aerialist 's walk was broadcast on discovery .
u.s. , japan and eu have filed complaints with wto against china on rare earths trade .'
health ministry closed for a day to decontaminate from ebola .
a new report cites `` widespread '' use of cluster bombs by ukrainian forces fighting rebels .
australian prime minister 's office : his death is a very sad day for cricket .
in december , beyonce shocked fans with a secret album .
hamidullin is a russian citizen who allegedly fought for the taliban and haqqani network .
she witnessed beheading and violence against women .'
 city of charlottesville , virginia , takes charge of search for graham .
on biden ?
powell makes announcement on `` meet the press '' sunday .
congress must act before dec. 11 to avoid a shutdown .'
 the supreme court declines to wade into marriage battles in five states .
 senate races tightening ahead of tuesday 's election .
new york gov.
 `` downton abbey 's '' fifth season begins january 4 .
 the durban international film festival -lrb- diff -rrb- is currently on until july 27 , 2014 .
 omer kiyani shot as teenager , now developing smart gun technology .
 mike pence urged president obama to ok indiana 's proposal to expand health coverage .
bought on the black market the relics have been conserved by the british museum .
 `` images of terror '' from kenyan journalist mathenge wins award .
hannah anderson fields anonymous questions online .
 fears pirates have boarded a tanker carrying 5,200 tonnes of oil .
a number of former politicians advocate for pot legalization .
julia gillard accused the opposition leader of being sexist and a misogynist .
judge michael maggio also acknowledged posting comments in other cases .
 hong kong 's youth protesters are using mobile apps to organize quickly .
mick jagger and scott dated for more than a decade .
eugene -lrb- played by josh mcdermitt -rrb- had a big episode sunday night .
a judge rules government guidelines go against the will of congress .
the global leadership forum in freeport will continue despite the crash .'
 new : exit polls show shinzo abe 's liberal democratic party winning in a landslide .
khan , a devout muslim , destroys jewish opponent dmitriy salita in the first round .
 study : texting while walking can pose a safety risk .
study by australia 's university of queensland was published wednesday .
 a trailer for 2015 's `` the little prince '' arrived this week .
rob ford is `` in good spirits , '' his brother says .
nicholas lowinger started a group that gives new shoes to homeless children .'
 new : the united states says the attack `` should be a wake-up call '' in pakistan .
 darijo srna donates tangerines to children of ukraine .
shakhtar currently forced to play its games away from donetsk .
the annual show honors the top 10 cnn heroes of the year .
buying or selling human organs is illegal and not allowed on ebay .'
 applecare reps are told not to perform service on iphone 4s with reception problems .
van gaal was due to carry on until the end of the season .
 moshe katsav enters prison after being convicted last year of rape and other sexual offenses .
lawmaker and a security guard killed in drive-by shooting .
david kwiatkowski injected himself with painkillers , then used syringes on patients .
north korea has held bae , a korean-american , since november 2012 .
stewart has returned to nascar racing after a three-week hiatus .
 the 23-name longlist for the ballon d'or has been revealed .
 a virtual version of denmark was created in the `` minecraft '' game .
 american psychological association declares support for `` full marriage equality '' .
but he says the statute of limitations has run out on human rights violations .
the mosquito-borne virus creates painful arthritis-like symptoms .
`` duch '' sentenced to life , two verdicts pending .
 dallas and brad woodhouse are brothers on opposite ends of the politic spectrum .
 thailand 's southern insurgency has dragged on for almost a decade .
muslim separatists are calling for an independent state .
when colbert takes over david letterman 's show , will he be as funny as his fictional persona ?
41-year-old said he wanted to protest the figure being included among exhibits .
it was first enacted in 1958 , but suspended during sadat 's rule .
the bush-era tax cuts are scheduled to expire december 31 .
it calls the new england compounding center 's claims `` without merit , '' the filing says .
 tequila plans to sue `` gathering of the juggalos '' organizers .
 demos from madonna 's newest album were leaked online .
frein was armed with a pistol and a rifle , a source says .
 president , cabinet don scuba gear to sign carbon emissions declaration .
cameraman mukpo is recovering .
police : arrests `` are part of an ongoing investigation into islamist related terrorism ''
sanrio 's most famous character is hello kitty , a moon-faced cat .
rick perry says .
nez attended boarding schools that discouraged the use of his navajo language .
author : native american elders say when a language dies , so does the culture .
beyond buckskin blog is at heart of movement to promote native fashion .
 u.s. women 's ski team has strong prospects for season ahead .
preparing for 2015 world championships in colorado .
 commission for politics and laws calls for reform of china 's court system .
to make intimacy a centerpiece , start outside the bedroom .
asking job candidates for their password violates facebook 's terms of service .
the renowned football coach was removed from his job in november .
crash injured morgan and killed his friend .
source : dzhokhar tsarnaev left a message in boat where he was found hiding .
in response to a letter , real bronx tours shut down , diaz says .
 rayon mcintosh will not be indicted , prosecutors say saturday .
deep brain stimulation could help with the disorder .
cnn spoke with boylston about what it 's like to dance and why we should care about ballet .
turtle ridge helps disabled and injured athletes take part in sports .
robert sims , 35 , also was indicted in the biker clash .
we 're here .
photographer for the oklahoman arrived at school 5 minutes after tornado leveled it .
if approved , it will become the first palestinian inclusion on the list .
109 students and chaperones were kicked off an airtran flight from new york to atlanta .
 ` flappy bird ' is no longer available in app stores .
report : the letters were to be sold by an irish catholic college .
 cpl.
first trip to libya by a u.s. secretary of state in more than 50 years .
melissa huckaby was arrested on charges of kidnapping and murder , police say .
authorities say no formal charges have yet been filed .
klain says the united states is always watching to see if terror groups are using ebola .
he says the united states can now `` successfully identify and isolate an ebola patient ''
 historian william doyle first requested the recordings in 1996 .
1 elena baltacha dies of liver cancer .'
state medical examiner ruled death a homicide .
the family thanks former president carter for securing gomes ' release .
 sharon helman was charge of the phoenix va but was formally fired monday .
the european tax on financial transactions was morally right , he said .
the new criteria could shorten prison stays for many inmates .'
over 2 million people use the rede integrada de transporte in curitiba each day .'
61-year-old guitarist is `` taking a break , '' but the band will continue .
sen. cornyn , r-texas , says speeches `` wo n't cut it anymore '' .
salcedo , 33 , was abducted from restaurant with five other men during trip to visit relatives .
fewer americans are decorating natural trees and sending holiday cards .
always turn on the passcode protection for your mobile devices .
millennials are happier than gen xers and baby boomers , according to the report .'
king is talking to kansas senate candidate greg orman and larry pressler of south dakota .
 google 's search page friday invites users to examine inkblots and share what they see .
u.s. and bolivia have also been involved in ambassador squabble .
 u.s. tried to kill isis leaders with airstrike on convoy near mosul , official says .
the crime scene in benghazi has not been secured , townsend says .
blackwater recently changed name to xe ; its iraq security contract expiring .
reconstruction-era amendment underpins civil rights law .
reported property crimes also fell , by about 8,000 , between 2005 and 2008 .
he says piracy is contributing to food shortages in the horn of africa .
despite the rise of the internet , libraries continue to be popular public spaces .
 new : u.s. secretary of state john kerry offered a letter of assurances , not apologies , officials say .
virgin says the issue was with the plane 's landing gear .
former president was hospitalized tuesday for shortness of breath .
 south africa will ask for permission to sell some of its stockpiled rhino horn .
the virtual fence for the 2,000-mile border was conceived in 2005 .
 giada de laurentiis and her husband have been separated since july .
in 2013 , the rnc released a report titled the `` growth & opportunity plan '' .
military leaders from both countries discussed the incident .
austrian driver roland ratzenberger died the before senna .'
 barcelona president sandro rosell announces his resignation thursday .
 luis suarez 's `` biting ban '' is upheld by independent appeals panel .
it will go on sale in april at the earliest ; more details will be announced in june .'
`` it 's not something you want to see , '' mendes says of gruesome 3-minute video .
mcilroy 's partner shane lowry aced the 13th .
michelle wie forced to quit with finger injury .'
 tiger woods misses cut at pga championship .
woods will make his competitive return at the quicken loans national .
group : the judge stated they were homosexuals because they wore women 's clothes and drank bailey 's irish cream .
group claims thai military abandoned them at sea .
thai army denies allegations ; government has launched an inquiry .
 co-author of `` fiesta , how to survive the bulls of pamplona '' gored by bull .
mayor bill de blasio : `` our fallen heroes will never be forgotten '' .
 unidentified remains are moved in solemn procession to september 11 memorial museum .
plaintiffs want money from lawsuit to go toward schools in afghanistan .
al franken : state ruling on monday is `` incredibly humbling '' .
gonzalo higuain scores only goal of game early in first half .
sevens will be a part of the 2016 olympics in rio de janeiro .'
t.j. oshie scored four goals in the shootout to outshine russian captain pavel datsyuk .
harry , known to comrades as captain wales , had served for four months in helmand province .
 mississippi state topped the latest rankings of college football teams .
sandusky was an assistant coach at penn state until 1999 .'
helped start google images and google books .
taylor swift came in second on forbes ' list .
 taylor swift is music 's biggest star right now .
winfrey says she gets now why the song is so popular .
the wounded officer is recovering , police chief says .
the fbi says the man shot two tupelo police officers , killing one of them .
 wef founder klaus schwab said `` technological revolution '' could destroy employment .
sierra leone , liberia and guinea are among the most vulnerable economies in africa .
mo farah pulls out of the 5,000 and 10,000 meters because of a stomach illness .
abdullah and ghani agreed to national unity government earlier in day .
 uk previewed parts of senate report 's executive summary , cameron representative says .
but even before the world cup snub , klinsmann was a man who divided opinion .
 kabaddi is one of india 's oldest indigenous sports -- it 's basically a mix of school-yard tag and wrestling .
cnn 's paula newton interviewed the serbian prime minister aleksandar vucic ahead of the summit .
rio officials insist the risk to sailors will be `` minimal '' despite the research .
 70th staging of sydney-hobart yacht race .
the engineers , designers and parents created new takes on the breast pump .
 `` scribblenauts unmasked '' includes more than 2,000 characters from dc comics .
christie referred to his actions as `` common sense '' and being `` careful '' .
in the exhibit , barbara penner , a leading toilet specialist , criticizes the dominant modernist toilet design .
 parents have concerns about possible vaccine and autism link .
sears schedule recommends spreading vaccines out over time .
 europe reveals wildcard picks for ryder cup .
jamie donaldson finishes the best at tied for fourth .'
 some say it 's dorky to take photos with a tablet .
council of justice president says resolution reflects changes in society .'
it follows criticism of sri lanka 's human rights record after its 26-year war with tamil rebels .
she does n't have to prove anything .
actor `` spending my honeymoon at comic con '' for film .
 john brennan is up for a confirmation hearing before the senate on thursday .
 bullock 's is the largest celeb donation to the red cross revealed so far .
seven-time f1 world champion continues his rehabilitation at home in switzerland .
she says one oklahoma state representative is ok with executions but strongly pro-life .
he also led fiji to two world cup sevens triumphs .
mcilroy won british open at hoylake by two shots .
 henrik stenson wins dp world tour championship for second year running .
`` mario '' creator says new hardware is under way .
 hms victory is the world 's oldest commissioned warship .
worldwide air passenger numbers increased to 6.3 billion in 2013 .
the top six airports in the world remained the same as last year .
 the cbc has ended its relationship with popular radio host jian ghomeshi .
that raises questions on the possibility of traumatic brain injury .
may 2013 e-mail says no indication of politically motivated targeting .
in chiang mai , festival has become a street party that lasts for days .'
anger is growig in brazil over reports of nsa spying .
logan was rescued by a group of women and egyptian soldiers .
the doctor also said there were not enough drugs to continue .
the justice department says there is little evidence of `` in-person voter impersonation '' .
pope emeritus benedict is present for the ceremony in st. peter 's basilica .
hall is among 35 indicted on racketeering and conspiracy charges .
 oracle team usa wins america cup .
 cnn tracks abdel basset al-megrahi to his tripoli villa .
 olympic record : 8 gold medals , 4 silver medals .
 shirley temple was a leading movie star of 1930s .
chavez appears before reporters , saying he is fine .
fully charged laptops can be backup power sources .
king bhumibol adulyadej has reigned since 1946 .
 california 's ag says she did n't defend proposition 8 because it 's unconstitutional .
discovery challenges existing theories of how killer electrons are held at bay .
 baby twins gabriella and jacques were born on december 10 .
 silviniaco conti wins king george vi chase for second year in row .
stablemate of former legendary winner kauto star .
merkel 's party comes within two seats of a super majority , early results show .
about 800 refugees were heading from libya to lampedusa , italy .
between 200 and 270 people are missing from the overcrowded boat .
sarah palin congratulates begich , praises stevens .
 nearly 1,000 cultural and natural wonders are `` world heritage sites '' .
 charles `` chase '' merritt is charged with murder in mcstay family deaths .
pelosi , who has been in congress 27 years , was asked if she 'd consider stepping down .
 nevada gop sen. dean heller wants a republican to unseat harry reid in 2016 .
jeff flake and martin heinrich want senators to hold monthly bipartisan lunches .
he oversaw the west virginia mine that exploded in 2010 , killing 29 workers .
the upper big branch explosion was one of the worst u.s. mine disasters in decades .
he said considering a government shutdown would be `` ridiculous '' .
 hofstra student is denied a religious exemption .
in september , clinton said she would decide by that time .'
the return to flight order is a limited flight clearance .
the patient is a surgeon and a sierra leone national .
the new enrollment period opened saturday .
grayson , a democrat , defends both speeches on cnn 's `` the situation room '' .
wvu and the greek councils suspend fraternity , sorority activities .'
apache helicopters were used to protect the airport , he said .
it pays tribute to those killed in wednesday 's paris attack .
 the dea interviewed doctors and trainers for the san francisco 49ers .
 a 32-year-old israeli was stabbed with a screwdriver , police say .
the telecast they hosted in 2013 brought in solid ratings .'
the actress says it 's exciting to work with tina fey .
 nbc has ordered a comedy from tina fey and robert carlock .
the justice department 's two-year-old investigation followed petraeus 's resignation in 2012 , citing an affair .
mauritania has the highest percentage , with 4 % of the population enslaved .'
taylor 's shirt upstaged some headlines about landing of space probe philae .
some of those killed were women and children , tribal leader claims .
 a chinese spacecraft , chang ` e-3 , is due to land on the moon this weekend .
the boyfriend had the most contact with the two sisters , police say .
 u.n. committee favors draft resolution referring n. korea to intl.
only 19 % said they were very prepared for a disaster .
 ted cruz : `` only person ... who wants a shutdown is president obama '' .
rampal was arrested wednesday at the complex in india 's northern haryana state .
 the opposition says the proposed law is `` constitutionalizing dictatorship '' .
 clinton issued a statement and tweeted her support of obama 's immigration announcement .
san cristobal volcano erupted saturday , a government agency reports .
 chris tucker reached a resolution with the irs on friday , his rep says .
 international olympic committee -lrb- ioc -rrb- suspends india for violating the olympic charter .
they discussed the influx of unaccompanied children entering the u.s. from central america .
unesco has called for the protection of the ancient city of timbuktu .
 zaha hadid has designed a cambodian genocide memorial .
djibouti is home to a major u.s. military base .'
the top lobbyists said they were hopeful congress could work on legislation next year .
`` you ca n't legislate history , '' says smithsonian expert .
 new : buffalo area is now under a flood warning .
the state medical examiner ruled his death a homicide .
jessica robles says she was desperate , her children were hungry .
 sen. lindsey graham of south carolina : `` it 's the hardest thing one could ever do '' .
an attack at a volleyball match in pakistan left 30 people dead in 2010 .
 marion barry was elected four times as washington 's mayor .
the pair turned over playing cards ; winner threw water at loser .'
the election follows last year 's ouster of muslim brotherhood president mohamed morsy .
 a saudi diplomat has been shot dead in sanaa , a senior saudi official says .
`` birdman '' and `` the grand budapest hotel '' led with 9 nods apiece .
the first illustrated copy will be released october 6 .
aaa expects 46 million people to travel over thanksgiving , most since 2007 .
edwards admits affair , denies fathering child .
 a chinese obstetrician has been sentenced to death with a two-year reprieve .
abbott says he 's reaching out to other states and expects to file a lawsuit `` in the next two weeks '' .
 bus ban criticized as `` green-light '' for racism against uyghurs in xinjiang .
king appoints noor al-fayez as deputy minister for women 's education .
he thanked his doctors , his family and the anonymous donor of the arms .'
aaa expects 46 million people to travel over thanksgiving , the most since 2007 .'
prosecutor 's office : the alleged events could constitute `` gang rape '' .
 a new poll out from quinnipiac university finds a split on approval of obama 's immigration plan .
the former mayor of new york city said the case against darren wilson failed two tests .
giuliani was speaking tuesday morning with cnn 's new day .
catherine is expecting their second child and has again suffered acute morning sickness .
arab-americans anguish over violence between hamas in gaza and israel .
a cabinet containing some of 280,000 shoes displayed at the museum was broken into .
about 46 million people will travel for thanksgiving , the most since 2007 .
 `` dancing with the stars '' named its season 19 winner tuesday .
there are benefits and costs to keeping animals in captivity , parents say .
they dump the bodies of ebola victims outside a hospital .
he says robert mcculloch compromised grand jury from start , should have recused himself .
you wo n't find them in the rooms at moraine lake lodge in banff .
visitors can take a helicopter in and out of casa palopo on lake atitlan , guatemala .
 women were recruiting for militant group , government says .
 eight-second video shows president walking in braces with the help of an aide .
one man tried to wear his loaded firearm through airport screening .
 richard trumka heralds sen. elizabeth warren as an `` inspiration '' who embodies labor 's `` highest ideals '' on wednesday .
man 's lawyer : he inadvertently recorded sounds of michael brown shooting .
 the witness lied about being in the hospital during trayvon martin 's funeral .
rory mcilroy and rickie fowler both card 67s .
 bad passenger behavior is on the increase , according to airlines .
situation has caught attention of the terri schiavo life & hope network .
pratt is pulling for the seattle seahawks , evans for the new england patriots .
 many people will choose weight loss as a new year 's resolution , but many will fail say experts .
 who denies causing panic .
a kenyan hospital reports 7 injured , two of them critically .
 moazzam begg appears in court charged with providing training for terrorism .
begg spent nearly three years in u.s. custody in afghanistan and guantanamo bay .'
the incident started just before 5 p.m. et thursday at lee correctional institute .
 prince muqrin bin abdulaziz is ordered out of the job as general intelligence chief .
 leader of tribe that includes saddam hussein 's family dies in blast .
he said those policies amount to `` hiding under the covers '' rather than leading .
with no legislation , obama will act on his own .'
 the nonhuman rights project is filing suits on behalf of four captive chimpanzees .
police interview one `` person of interest , '' search for another .
he says he believes that ayla 's father `` knows more than he has told us ''
abobaker says masked isis gunmen outnumbered him , sotloff , three armed guards .
 daft punk wins album and record of the year .
 isis has other western hostages besides the two murdered american journalists .
 president barack obama : `` we have to mobilize the international community '' .
 `` no one is really concerned , '' says a senior u.s. administration official .
`` netanyahu has a choice : settlements or peace , '' erakat says .
`` wherever i find that law exists , i will not perform , '' wonder tells a quebec concert .
 madrid health authorities euthanize the dog , which will be cremated .
 defense minister sworn in as temporary premier .
evidence of strong support in china for the 2012 olympic games in london .
2 novak djokovic wins indian wells title for the second time .
simpson had asked for a new trial , 5 years after his robbery , kidnapping conviction .
about 68,000 u.s. troops remain in afghanistan .
 chelsea and man city play out 1-1 draw .
but he says steroids did give mcgwire a shortcut to greatness .
judd : valuable minerals in electronics fuel mass rape in democratic republic of congo .
police say they made 105 arrests ; charges include inciting riot , vandalism .
 father of suspect in foiled attack had relayed concerns to u.s. embassy , source says .
national organization for women wants goodell to resign .
the fbi found no merit in that when it followed up on a tip .
website : over 2,200 u.s. flights are canceled thursday ; about 1,000 so far friday .
the controversy is `` based on misinformation , '' busch gardens says .
american captain freed after being held hostage by pirates since wednesday .
 congo beats gabon 1-0 in group a match .
judge says device not fulfilling its purpose .
 prosecutors say 46 women were rescued after a weekend raid in mexico city .
 for five years , rita taylor and her two daughters were homeless .
she was born with spina bifida , and her legs have never worked .
 official : jordan matson is one of three americans fighting with kurdish force in syria .
he was wounded in fighting , but is fine , says the ypg spokesman .
 minnesota vikings running back has been suspended for the rest of the 2014 season .
 analysts say the detentions show rift within erdogan 's party .
 politicians flocking to new platforms where younger voters are spending their time .
 novak djokovic beats andy murray in the australian open final .
 novak djokovic makes the australian open final .
 sulaiman abu ghaith gets a life sentence for conspiring to kill americans , supporting terrorists .
 iphone users typically spend more time on their phones than android users , study finds .
change.org petition says maher 's statements on religions and cultures are offensive .
 sweet temptations by sungeni is a cake-making business in malawi .
1 release .
 a new summer camp invites adults to unplug .
bangladesh was the most vulnerable country and its capital the most vulnerable city .
 facebook rolling out new app , paper , on february 3 .
app combines news feed with story-sharing sections .
 168 police officers and 67 firefighters are laid off in camden , new jersey .
the u.s. advisers already there will consider evacuation options .
north carolina passed one of the strictest voter id laws in the country .'
luhabe says the work of women at home is undervalued .'
 michael brown sr. calls the officer who killed his son a `` murderer '' .
legal analysts debate whether there should have been a special prosecutor .
taliban shot the teen in pakistan in october .
deval patrick , d-massachusetts : `` i think he wants to go '' .
some players had vomited and one had fainted , authorities say .'
the officer made a mistake and is `` receiving remedial training , '' tsa says .
landon is in remission and doing well , sierra riddle says .'
china executed more people than rest of world combined .
thom tillis says the `` primary mission '' is `` to beat kay hagan '' .
 procter & gamble bans pandora , netflix for its 129,000 employees .
 kurdish leader barzani effectively annexes kirkuk .
the publishers produced it for putin 's 59th birthday .
 at least 48 people are dead , guatemala 's president says .
passengers in the terminal were evacuated , and others were told to stay on a cruise ship .
atletico now unbeaten in six madrid derbies .'
the pentagon is using the term `` controlled monitoring , '' which effectively a quarantine .
an opposition leader calls for the u.s. to rescind its terrorist designation of al-nusra .
rick perry -- usually a sign a candidate is winning .
 ultra-orthodox parties are out after years of being in .
 u.s. ambassador susan e. rice said saleh 's `` continued equivocation '' weakens his country .
u.n. security council vote demands that yemen allow peaceful protests .
 the 2014 world cup will take place in brazil .
ghana beat hosts equatorial guinea in semifinals .
 sen. ted cruz of texas uploads video of his take on net neutrality .
he says house gop has no plans to impeach obama over executive actions .
 magomed yevloyev arrested shortly after arriving in ingushetia .
yemen , the most impoverished country in the middle east , faces growing separatist movement .'
the ogaden national liberation front says `` man-made famine '' being created .
some african nations criticize south africa , which introduced the gay rights measure .
 president obama says the supreme court has the `` final say '' .
experts disagree on the issue of women freezing eggs for later use .
creators claim a nap with the pillow makes you 37 % more efficient .
 at least 26 people were killed in post-coup violence , state media reports .
the second submersible is expected to reach the seabed soon .
 komisarjevsky 's attorneys say that killing their client is wrong .
an fsu student says winston sexually assaulted her .
opponents disappointed on decision involving religious groups .'
djokovic is jeered off court after post-match comments about roddick .
south africa top group b after ending quarterfinal hopes of co-hosts bangladesh .
 fifa says world cup has produced record performances for broadcasters .
ethiopia plans to export energy to neighboring countries .
parliament erupted in shouts at the prime minister 's announcement .
the response falls short of what some had called for in the wake of the michael brown shooting .
the challenge centers on the obamacare employer mandate delay .
serena williams plays ekaterina makarova in the women 's semifinals friday .
 world health organization reveals number of cholera cases is more than 60,000 .
 some halloween candy can trigger food allergies .
 oklahoma will rewrite execution protocols , governor says .
jerry brown : `` no longer are undocumented people in the shadows '' .
police say suspect has hit 10 banks in the south .
clinic did not appear to be ready on opening day .
rehtaeh parsons , 17 , died sunday after trying to hang herself .
more than half of february calls involved young children .
it has the computing power of `` a man with a pocket calculator ''
pilots called for a `` go-around '' 1.5 seconds before impact , ntsb says .
world cup starts on june 12 next year .
 youtube is trying to fix its comments with a new system that ties all accounts to google + .
the explosions have killed 31 people and wounded more than 90 , xinhua says .
six finalists selected with a winner to be announced on march 15 .
 melissa nelson worked as a dental assistant for james knight for more than 10 years .
obama says he is trying to make a statement by ending trip in turkey .
obama on first state visit to largely muslim nation .
beckham played for manchester united , real madrid , ac milan and la galaxy .
health secretary kathleen sebelius seeks review of lung transplant policy for children .
he reads the valentine 's day card that his girlfriend had written for him .
 david sengeh , 26 , is working to enhance the lives of amputees .
 tosca reno champions a clean eating lifestyle .
 shia labeouf must continue alcohol abuse treatment another 3 months under the deal .
labeouf was arrested at a showing of `` cabaret '' at a theater at new york 's studio 54 .
 the court 's decision is the second time the vote has been suspended .
polls show catalans want a chance to vote , but might not vote for independence .
 all of guinea-bissau 's political parties are ordered to meet on saturday too .
clashes between pro- and anti-mubarak demonstrators began february 1 .'
what do you think ?
american legend billie jean king win the first tournament , beating rosie casals in the final .
the patient blames a medical scope used in his procedure and plans to sue the maker , attorney says .
rakhine state home to a violent ethnic conflict between buddhists and rohingya muslims .
 hp plans to sell more discounted touchpad tablets this week .
 dubai has plans for numerous large-scale amusement parks .
approximately 50 % of all pregnancies in the united states are unplanned .
more 600,000 pills with oxycodone were dispensed , u.s. attorney 's office says .
blog calls the changes `` facebook 's answer to twitter ''
`` there is no such cell '' as a `` regenocyte , '' stem cell research expert says .
san francisco will choose a cherry blossom queen .
couey was sentenced to die for the 2005 murder of lunsford , 9 .
 pioneering author broke taboos in the black community .
 san francisco stations ban no.
 ebola has killed at least 4,493 people , mostly in guinea , liberia and sierra leone , who says .
at least five have tightened gun laws in the wake of newtown school massacre .
 uk : russian military planes were flying in international waters near cornwall .
messi , suarez and neymar strangely subdued .
 miss p is the second beagle ever to win best in show .
landrieu 's campaign reimbursed the government $ 3,200 for the november flight .
 travolta introduced idina menzel as `` adele dazeem '' .
 naser jason abdo was arrested in texas in july .
authorities say they have no immediate reports of damages or injuries .'
some do n't see show as an opportunity for latinos in hollywood .
 experts say what happened in keene was a riot ; ferguson is a political movement .
a building was damaged in mexico city , 170 miles from quake 's epicenter .
the vaccine carries genetic material from the virus , but there 's no risk of ebola infection .
rc-135 rivet joint was on electronic eavesdropping mission in international airspace .
drugs barons are using stolen handsets and illegal sim cards to run their empires .
but this week , officials open a 2.5-mile section of the 51-mile river to the public .
 in a 310-303 vote , the church decides to pull $ 21 million in investments .
 criticized for his aloof style , president barack obama says he likes to spend time with family .
yapak beach has coarser sands but might be the most beautiful beach in boracay .'
analyst : `` i do n't know who to believe , but somebody is lying '' .
`` star trek '' fans know her as t'pring , the vulcan priestess engaged to spock .
 water hyacinth covers large swaths of lake victoria .
the sex strike is to protest the arrest of demonstrators ahead of parliamentary elections .
 explore the inner chamber of iceland 's thrihnukagigur volcano .
 poll shows 80 percent of iranians are in favor of full nuclear inspections .
unseeded russian beats jelena jankovic who retires with wrist injury in first set .
patient is a u.s. citizen who got ebola in sierra leone , state department says .
 the english premier league sees a 36 % rise in shirt sponsorship income .
 new : netanyahu tells israeli lobby that jewish building in east jerusalem will continue .
natalie portman wins the best actress oscar .
hekmati was convicted of collaborating with the united states .
 rebels hand over black boxes to malaysian officials .
 tony gwynn died at age 54 after battling salivary gland cancer .
executive producer of `` rupaul 's drag race : '' it 's carmen carrera 's chance to break the `` beauty barrier '' .
 estudiantes defeats cruzeiro to claim copa libertadores trophy .
it was first copa trophy for estudiantes since 1970 .
vp joe biden holds meeting in guatemala with regional leaders .'
result matches cowdenbeath 's biggest ever defeat .
 barcelona defeats granada 3-1 with goals from rakitic , suarez and messi .
delta air lines collected the most fees of any u.s. airline reporting .
more high-tech devices will be used over an expanded search area .
boyle : organizations gearing up to prevent it , kids more likely to report and be believed .'
anti-chinese protests in vietnam descended into deadly violence last week .
 mohamed morsy demands to know where he is , who 's in charge at hearing in cairo .
 women have been protesting in greater numbers in recent weeks .
the 5th edition of d&d rules will be announced monday .
he was killed tuesday in the mountains east of los angeles .
it 's `` for safety , '' even if the u.s. does n't recognize china 's new air defense zone .
having no worry about long-term investment gives japanese home owners a lot of creative license .
coy mathis ' parents file a complaint under colorado 's anti-discrimination act .
president obama urges people to pressure elected leaders to pass new gun laws .
social worker at march : `` this capitalistic system does n't work ''
nato to take over no-fly zone by monday .'
u.s. predator drones take flight in libya .
 new : the president expresses sadness for protesters ' deaths .
new : al-assad addresses government corruption and unemployment .
 it will also add more armed helicopters to its peacekeeping mission .
 obamacare call center reps were provided with an incorrect script .
 allegiant air is the second u.s. airline to charge for carry-on bags .
the jet crash happened in december 2008 .'
 h7n9 bird flu cases spike in china ahead of lunar new year .
mccullough was an initial suspect in ridulph 's disappearance .
jett : orcas `` are driven crazy in the tiny tanks '' when blasted with music .
heart , willie nelson , barenaked ladies , cheap trick cancel seaworld shows .
 modern women morphed feminism into perfectionism , according to new book .
most crimes are committed by people known to the victims .
august has been a hot month historically for terrorist attacks .'
`` albernameg '' offended supporters of egypt 's de facto leader gen. abdel-fatah el-sisi .
`` albernameg '' thrived under ousted president morsy , who is on trial for inciting murder .
 joseph w. schexnider vanished at age 22 , when he was facing a stolen vehicle charge .
 nicholas brendon was in boise , idaho , for the tree city comic con .
operation closes khyber pass , a key transit link for nato military supplies .
coast guard on captain 's rescue : `` we could n't tell who was a passenger '' .
snowden is living in russia while he seeks political asylum .
 president mahmoud ahmadinejad is term-limited and ca n't run again .
nearly 800,000 eligible submissions received ; private sector encouraged to reach out to winners .
gen. john r. allen : the attack says more about what the taliban can not do .
beheadings by isis have increased after al qaeda disowned the group .
the african union has suspended the central african republic .
 jason koger 's hands were amputated after a four-wheeler accident .
group that monitors islamist websites reports announcement .
sources say bin laden resisted the assault and was shot in a firefight .
the city was not selected to receive a retired space shuttle .
alleged juarez cartel boss was one of mexico 's most wanted criminals .
 coast guard : man was traveling from florida to bermuda in a large bubble .
ryan crocker has been u.s. ambassador to lebanon , syria , pakistan , iraq and other nations .
bayern munich 10 points clear in bundesliga .'
 britain , france , spain , denmark and sweden summon israeli ambassadors .
british official : the israeli government has not heeded international calls .
on average there are less than five `` intermediary contacts '' between users .
a memorial fund is set up for michael tyner alsbury .
bush calls clinton an `` awesome communicator , '' finds `` a lot to admire '' .
 federal criminal investigators join ongoing review by va inspector general .
his assassin , lee harvey oswald , was shot and killed while in police custody .
democrats have advantage of a `` blue wall '' of states with solid record in presidential races .
 `` i have a very high standard for the application of deadly force , '' police chief charlie beck says .
defenders say eating dog meat is like eating beef .
mahmud : mobile health care innovations in the u.s. are mind-blowing .'
 norad says the rocket appears to have put an object into orbit .
 miles o'brien once reported on the same subject he now needs for recovery .
al-assad cast himself as a `` captain '' trying to `` save the country ''
`` foreign mercenaries '' were the terrorists ' target , he adds .
 president barack obama is scheduled to meet with the business roundtable group .
only 12,300 of the units will be sold .'
do n't expect head to be prosecuted because it 's tough to prove , law enforcement says .
 watch out for sneaky ninjas at a new york restaurant .
 u.s. secretary of state says iranian actions against isis could have a positive effect .
 high administrative court says egypt 's parliament remains dissolved , as it ruled earlier .
 40 years ago , corruption was rife in hong kong , experts say .
voyage from rhode island to texas expected to take 16 days .
statements attributed to anonymous promised an online attack sunday on bart .
the ukrainian prime minister is expected to arrive in the united states on wednesday .
 woman at center of obamacare website is first official to apologize for rocky rollout .
n. korea suffers severe food shortages , exacerbated by extreme weather and mismanagement .
if rep. gutierrez , immigration reform supporter , also decides to run , expect fireworks .
belarus has accumulated $ 200-million debt this year , says it will pay by july 5 .
mindy kaling and lena dunham make subversive statements in image-conscious hollywood .
joseph lieberman , susan collins call situation `` unacceptable , untenable '' .
department of homeland security has more than 200,000 contract workers .
cnn obtains an e-mail sent anonymously claiming reports of confession in the death .
the anonymous e-mail to the sheriff 's department sparks a subpoena for internet records .
 police report that sixth victim in shootings is gunman ibrahim shkupolli .
only side effect of intravenous injection was that it turned test rats blue .
despite efforts , apple 's plans have had limited success .
 iran reach the 2014 world cup with 1-0 win over south korea .
kine : new president much send message on protection of women .
paul says there is `` no excuse '' for what happened to eric garner .
 international bacon day is celebrated on the saturday before labor day .
house republicans have been sidelined .
the justice department challenged rules on photo id , early voting .'
the video appears to show hospital workers ignoring her lying on the floor .
nike pulls an ad featuring pistorius and the word `` bullet '' .
president barack obama and netanyahu hold meeting at the white house on friday .
 ahmadinejad 's advisor on the arts was speaking to a hollywood delegation .
countries agree to cut carbon emissions by 2025 .
the persian gulf and the strait of hormuz are critical areas .
previously , the morning-after pill required a prescription for women 17 and older .
but the events in egypt are not universally being called a coup .
some american hostages were subject to a mock execution .
firefight comes two days before indian prime minister narendra modi 's visit .
 daughter of eric garner says officers should go to prison .
`` i ca n't breathe , '' the dad jokingly says .
the danish shipping giant will take delivery of the first vessel on july 2 .
according to fbi , ortega-hernandez said in video `` it 's time for armageddon '' .
dominique strauss-kahn was head of the international money fund .
obama 's immigration speeches have repeatedly been interrupted in recent months by hecklers who want bolder action .
kassig , 26 , grew up in indianapolis , the only son of paula and ed kassig .
bill 's proponents says sb1062 has been hijacked , misrepresented .
 venezuelan president receives prestigious award honoring press freedom .
several vaccines are in trials .
utah national guard acknowledges `` mistakes '' after fire started from ammunition .
they say in the u.s. and worldwide , solar power installations are proliferating .
the problem : the seats ' harness can become difficult to unlatch .
 state inspectors visited the site in 2012 , 2010 and 1991 , officials say .
most of the victims were teenagers ; some were only 11 years old , police said .
protesters were largely cleared from the streets by monday night .
many of the required venues already in place as pyeongchang is an established destination .
`` walking in nyc '' sparked street harassment conversation .
sudan and south sudan have returned to peace talks .'
 in september , a large asteroid passed close by our planet .
the asteroid , 2013 tv135 , was discovered this month .
justin bieber 's rep has not responded to cnn calls for comment .
the probe has a `` small launch window '' in november 2013 .
service will compete with godaddy , the largest domain-management company .
ipads are popular among pilots but were only ok for reference .
a mediterranean diet high in nuts can also boost heart health .
orphans helped artist build the $ 5,000 sculpture .
other news agencies have published similar databases in the past .
 president bush makes up his own definition of human rights , ex-president says .
the decision comes after the their owner withdrew financing of the club .
the free syria army wants international help .
donated new or gently used items go to homeless moms , teen moms and families in need .'
two dead in weather-related louisiana traffic accidents , state police say .
 obama has been criticized for failing to build relationships with washington insiders .
a pair of new york brothers are charged with felony trademark counterfeiting .
paul walker died in the middle of filming this installment .
as in her first pregnancy , catherine is suffering from acute morning sickness .
the patient recently arrived in the united states from liberia .
 post-dispatch : ferguson police officer darren wilson testifies for almost four hours .
wilson shot and killed michael brown , an unarmed black teen , in ferguson on august 9 .
 the train was on its way from chicago .
house panel votes to subpoena shinseki after cnn reports on veterans waiting for treatment .
the president 's doctor says he ordered a ct scan , which was normal .
additional second is needed because the earth `` wobbles '' .
u.s. toy industry association praises seizure .
on the subject of monica lewinsky , clinton says she has `` moved on '' .
greece and italy had debt exceeding 100 % of their gdp .
`` the panorama '' aims to show what it was like to live alongside the wall .
 comedian chelsea handler 's topless photo was pulled from instagram .
publication : sterling on his purported girlfriend : `` i wish i had just paid her off '' .
 the writer of an offensive fraternity e-mail issues an apology .
boy scouts have thousands of other summer camp experiences .
 eva mendes , ryan gosling reportedly had a baby girl on friday .
spaniard had been out for three months with a right wrist injury .
 chlorine gas forces the evacuation of a hotel hosting the midwest furfest .
incumbent democrat sen. mary landrieu campaigned through saturday .
the nasa space probe will visit pluto and its moons in july 2015 .
`` demon mountain hell '' is home to crocodiles and alligators .
you can make chili using black beans and quinoa .'
national park service banned drones in its parks in june .'
help your girls create their own `` personal brand ''
 gladys lim\xc3\xb3n : luis ramirez was beaten to death in shenandoah , pennsylvania .
 in march , white house touted $ 1.2 million grant as a stimulus success story .
he started tweeting ideas for a film about a haunted plane .
 shrien dewani was accused of orchestrating the killing of his wife in cape town .
 the iowa freedom summit is scheduled for jan. 24 , 2015 .
 small towns are the very places that have inspired generations of artists .
health officials say the other 40 are considered `` low risk '' .
al qaeda operatives in yemen are particularly worrisome to u.s.
president obama , house speaker boehner clash over immigration politics .
baby born with hiv in california was given the same treatment .
free press ' daily circulation dipped almost 7 percent this year .
 rapper gucci mane is sentenced to 39 months in federal prison .
 security ramped up at parliament , pm tony abbott says .
60 % of metro manila was reported to be under water tuesday .
a palestinian state must be viable , while israel must be secure , obama says .
zimmerman 's brother confirms the former neighborhood watchman painted the piece .
 `` i donated genetic material and that was it for me , '' marotta says .
 the berenstain bears often had the answers to children 's questions .
 rep. joe wilson issues apology , calls white house over `` you lie '' comment .
interior ministry says shots came from armed protesters in crowd .
 anthony bourdain travels to jerusalem , the west bank and gaza sunday on `` parts unknown '' .
 theft of apple smartphones and tablets inspires special nypd unit .
 it 's estimated that one million live underground in beijing .
coordinator of security for rally says officers maced protesters ; police deny allegation .
back then , she says , women kept sexual harassment to themselves .
washington may get 2 feet of snow ; blizzard conditions possible for long island .
the group blames hamas for bombing the homes of fatah leaders .
the group is targeting senate races in iowa and arkansas .
 tv stunt with police department hands out presents , not tickets .
those include those displaced by the isis campaign in iraq and syria .
 china 's first tourism law came into effect october 1 .
 lawmakers tucked in dozens of items to the spending bill .
 facebook bought photo sharing app instagram for $ 1 billion on monday .
for a small but growing of people , phones are the primary way they check the internet .'
 president obama says gun law foes `` willfully lied '' .
 more than 100 nations ban corporal punishment in schools , while 31 ban it everywhere .
the reality show star says he 's checked into rehab to address `` health and personal issues '' .
his decision to enter rehab comes amid reports that he cheated on spelling .
shankman is also a judge on `` so you think you can dance ? ''
protective levels of 50 % would have an impact on public health .'
city manager cites `` escalating divisiveness '' in sanford .
quest believes the currency will survive , but not in the present form .
boehner : the president has not faithfully executed the laws as he was sworn to do .'
idf says hamas fighters injured four israeli soldiers during operation to destroy tunnel .
eventually , federal agents seized the t-rex .
 viola davis was nominated for awards this season , but kerry washington was not .
over 2.5 million people from 60 countries have visited exit since 2000 .
he had been staying at a shelter in ottawa since early october .
the pregnancy is in `` its very early stages , '' the palace says .
don mcgahn : fec staffer improperly contacted lois lerner of irs about conservative group .
despite furious criticism in poland , he is refusing to apologize .
cosby resigns from temple university board amid scandal .
arsene wenger confronts jose mourinho on touchline .
clinton calls military action against isis `` essential '' but `` not sufficient alone ''
 u.n. 's ban ki-moon calls for `` calm , non-violence , dialogue and restraint '' .
 member nations vote unanimously in favor of the resolution .
 jibo , a personal robot , has been launched by robotics pioneer cynthia breazeal .
best news program went to cnn 's news stream , hosted by kristie lu stout .
 the bodies of 7 cargo workers are found in rubble near a cold storage facility at the airport .
 authorities hope $ 200,000 will produce tips on `` brazen attempts '' on gang task force .
suspect 's father , four other men interrogated in pakistan .
1 and achieved seven grand slam titles in the process .
 conservatives claim latino immigrants can carry ebola .
it makes metal-free beds and mattresses from sustainable materials .
 international olympic committee reveals new plans .
mohammed also used the statement to blast u.s. foreign policy .
ice at the foot of the glacier can be up to 200 years old .
 many u.s. and asian workers do n't use all their vacation days .
swiss albrecht was airlifted to hospital after lengthy treatment on the slopes .'
hammond is accused of trying to smuggle a wristwatch cell phone to manson .
 golf legend jack nicklaus launches ice cream range .
 heidi jones is a weekend on-air meteorologist for wabc-tv .
a police spokesman says weather was not a factor in the accident .'
decision comes before obama attends summit of the americas .
 janet fredman designs is a jewelry business based in lusaka , zambia .
 merkel wins third term as german chancellor after elections on sunday .
hours later , a massive shootout unfolded in watertown between police and the suspects .
 man with three handguns and a car killed 6 , injured 13 , authorities said .
 the fda proposes new limits for amounts of inorganic arsenic allowed in apple juice .
family denies government 's claim that she was convicted of murder .
portugal defeats ghana 2-1 to finish third .
 after anxious wait , kia scherr learns husband , daughter were killed in mumbai , india .
alcohol-based sanitizers are fairly effective at killing bacterial pathogens , and safe .
 more than 11 million people in the philippines are affected by super typhoon haiyan .
 the fda says there 's no evidence antibacterial washes are better than soap and water .
 some former hillary clinton aides are concerned tying her to barack obama will be effective .
shane michael haley was born at 2:35 a.m. thursday , according to parents ' facebook page .
pregracke pledged to give $ 10,000 to each of the other top 10 heroes .'
president obama is expected to nominate lynch to succeed eric holder as attorney general .
 immigration reform advocates initially criticize president obama for delaying action .
hollande , who was elected president in 2012 , lives with partner valerie trierweiler .'
 nrsc director feels `` very good '' about gop senate victory in november .
hollande 's romantic partner , valerie trierweiler , hospitalized .
is higher education more beneficial to individuals -- or the nation as a whole ?
he and his brother don made up the renowned duo the everly brothers .
 libya experiences `` rolling blackouts '' in internet access .
russia 's president has said no one should face discrimination , calls `` traditional families '' priority .
obama says americans tolerated inequality as long as there was equal opportunity .
 hillary clinton joins forces with michael bloomberg on gender gap .
murder , rape , and robbery decline in 2011 , property crime hits nine-year low .
in `` casino royale , '' bond girl solange is seen arriving at one & only ocean club , bahamas .
rebels say they 're alienated by the islamic state of iraq and syria , an al qaeda-linked group .
his coaches say he 's one of the best keepers in the world .
 the u.n. declares its highest level of emergency .
 south sudan 's government and rebels agree on a cease-fire brokered by east african mediation group .
businesses have been forced to close because of the outbreak .
manzella had told his supervisor about harassing calls , e-mails years earlier .
the petition urges an end to pakistan 's blasphemy laws .
mexico health official : as many as 149 deaths may be from swine flu .
t.i.
russia finished top of medal table with 30 golds .
 lawrence brewer executed in texas at 7:21 p.m. et .
a prosecutor described brewer as a racist psychopath .'
andrew cuomo says he plans to ride either the a , l or 1 train on friday .
there are seven new sites included in congressional legislation .
some sites require land acquisition to become parks .'
when massachusetts mandated health insurance for residents , wait times increased .
heather cho , who resigned from her post last week , will report to the prosecutor 's office on wednesday .
 delhi is most polluted city in the world in pm2 .5 concentrations .
tests carried out on hermit crabs in shells that were given mild electric shocks .
`` we are all in the same situation .
it is also a place of worship for the episcopal church .'
most syrian refugees in lebanon are renting some form of accommodation .'
 new : airport reopened at about 2 p.m. -lrb- 6 p.m. et -rrb- sunday .
brendan iribe , oculus vr 's ceo , says a consumer version is still `` many months '' away .
 the las conchas fire is 45 percent contained , having burned more than 146,000 acres .
the singer had `` a cycling spill in central park , '' the website says .
13 states that use the drug in executions are asking feds if they will share their supplies .
some in other countries view obama 's ghana visit as a snub to them .
he has been promoted from specialist to sergeant , u.s. central command says .
app .
tiger woods won 13 of his 14 major titles with caddie steve williams on his bag .
run-d.m.c .
reunited and payed tribute to jam master jay .'
venezuela 's president called his arrest an illegal kidnapping .
is obama too ?
so far , the government printing office is noncommittal on suvir 's suggestion .
john edwards , elizabeth edwards have separated , contest accounts in the book .
9 dead in flotilla clash between activists , israeli military .
chinese government says efforts have been made to protect mongolian culture .
youtube wo n't comment on individual videos , but says graphic violence not allowed .
rated at 7/1 odds , he wins by one and a half lengths from libertarian .
museum opens a day after sinkhole eats 8 priceless corvettes .
al jazeera 's beijing correspondent has been denied a visa by china .
 former cnn executive who greenlighted funding for cnn.com has died .
`` he was an ambassador , the pope of soul , '' one sociologist says .
police statement : brown punched girlfriend rihanna in february .
 tiny eibar promoted to la liga for the first time in the club 's history .
fema 's logistic systems do n't track goods from shipment to distribution , report says .
 rwandan president denies massacre of hutus in neighboring dem .
small business owners and medical groups disagree over the impacts of the law .'
holographic televisions could come out of the wall or up from a table .
officials had already trumpeted his death in 2010 after a shootout .
 los angeles prosecutor files four charges .
he is in hiding in mexico but is blamed for the majority of narcotics in chicago .
`` we lost two heroes here today , '' says boston mayor .
 jonathan dwyer was playing for the arizona cardinals until he was arrested .
his wife told police that he head-butted her during one argument .
 diamond told the story of `` sweet caroline '' .
mehdi masroor biswas , 24 , is suspected of running the pro-isis twitter account .
 senate holding `` pro forma '' sessions to block recess appointments .
 ray rice will miss first two games of the season .
west threatens russia with punitive actions over ukraine .
germany is the third most popular destination for overseas students .
 russian president signs order recognizing independence of georgian territories .
u.s. , uk , nato and eu condemn russian move over independence .
 judge had allowed trio to be outside together , cnn partner cbc reports .
nba bans clippers owner donald sterling for life , fines him $ 2.5 million for racist remarks .
walter williams was first pronounced dead on february 26 .
jett travolta was elder child of john travolta and kelly preston .
the confrontation started when dunn asked a group of teens to turn down their music .
diana had prince william in 1982 in the lindo wing of st. mary 's hospital , paddington .
jury reaches verdict after about 40 minutes of deliberation .
democrats protested the contempt citation as a political move .
muqtada al-sadr says `` thank you dears '' to followers .
the coast guard says 14 rescued crew members are `` in good health '' .
south korea says the images suggest the north is ready to conduct the test at any time .
credit card payments are accepted again in vatican city , the spokesman says .
 `` we are moving in a positive direction , '' u.s. special representative says .
 plot included killing 100 african-americans , beheading 14 , officials say .
whisky investment funds have been set up , but seasoned collectors urge caution .'
the border polcie says hezatullah was a trusted member .
in both cases , it 's unknown if the victims were targeted because of race , he says .
the group says that only in the past 22 months have police detained or arrested the women .
law schools follow aba policy on testing , the suit says .
 thursday is 30th anniversary of bill that effectively raised u.s. drinking age to 21 .
 paula kassig asks isis to respond to the family 's plea for her son 's life .
he was threatened at the end of a video showing the killing of uk hostage alan henning .
armstrong landed eagle module on moon with only 20 seconds of fuel left .
 at least 32 states have some form of voter id laws on the books .
u.s. navy secretary : chavez 's `` example will live on in this great ship '' .
 isis , which controls parts of iraq and syria , is pulling in $ 1 million a day , says the u.s. treasury .
he says diehard fans use history and tradition to defend offensive name and logo .
new : if signed by gov.
a lawyer for jan rooney says she 's filing objections over mickey rooney 's will .
crack cocaine sentences were more severe than those in powder cocaine cases .
attorney general eric holder : `` this day was long in coming '' .
 house speaker john boehner enrolled online in the d.c. obamacare exchange last week .
 joran van der sloot poses with fellow inmates in peru jail photo .
paper says peruvian authorities ' `` openness '' could compromise trial .
radio netherlands worldwide says there could be reason to protest over the case .
prosecutors wanted pistorius to be convicted of a more serious charge .
 italian pm enrico letta declares emergency , allocates 20 million euros in immediate aid .
 champion boxer amir khan has landed in pakistan .
 with projected texas win , romney has necessary 1,144 delegates .
her campaign has demanded an apology to whitman and the women of california .'
the uss george washington will go to virginia for overhaul and refueling .'
officials : at least 10 girls ages 16 to 18 were recruited , were threatened if they tried to leave .'
it is a crucial rail hub for rebel-held areas , connecting luhansk and donetsk .
air pollution is now officially a carcinogenic , the world health organization says .
nearly 30 percent of americans have variant , according to study .'
mount merapi 's recent eruptions began on october 26 .
with rooms from $ 89 per night , kauai shores is an affordable option on notoriously pricey kauai .
dwight eisenhower helped golf take off in the u.s.'
 sweden 's anja paerson is a six-time olympic medalist .
fifa president sepp blatter wants to run for a fifth term .
prince ali only real credible challenger to blatter .
the ash cloud from saturday 's eruption reached 3 km above the crater .
skippy reduced-fat creamy , chunky peanut butter recalled friday .
sanitation workers union leader says he is unaware of any slowdown .
 president obama says families are off-limits during election .
86 % of americans say they object to targeted political advertising .'
u.s. thinks it has identified militant in beheading videos .
 putin tells reporters about plans for a pardon .
a house committee holds the first hearing on website problems thursday .
miss piggy : `` being a fashion editor is wonderful '' .
 with bill at her side , hillary clinton attends the 37th and final harkin steak fry .
there was `` an incident '' with nida at his atlanta home , his wife 's publicist says .
if romney is nominated and loses , tea party will push party further right .
pistorius could end up committed against his will .
u.s. says 1,300 airstrikes so far have killed high level officials and are slowing down isis .
angus king , a maine independent senator , is on the committee .
 with `` the interview 's '' premiere canceled , a few theaters made other plans .
those screenings have since been canceled .
of state clinton of security threat posed by behavior .
over 200 villagers sought to banish the boy , kunkun , state media reported last week .
protesters demonstrate after the gang rape of a woman on a bus .
 radio talk-show host bill cunningham : sen. john mccain `` threw me under the bus '' .
 the south korean defense ministry is on high alert .
putin : `` we ca n't have a palace coup because we have no palaces ''
south korea will consider a chinese call for emergency talks .
american captain freed after being held hostage by pirates since wednesday .
lindsey graham says barack obama is bent on `` losing in iraq ''
an autopsy will be done to determine why brockie died , gwar 's manager says .
president obama speaks to the egyptian president after mubarak gives an address .
trudeau was found guilty of misrepresenting his weight-loss books .
rafaelle sollecito 's defense lawyer compares knox to jessica rabbit .
 dr. kent brantly and nancy writebol have been discharged from an atlanta hospital .
he killed himself in 1954 after being chemically castrated for homosexual activity .
`` i 'm still so angry and i want justice , '' says a civil plaintiff who was on the ship .
 united airlines is reaching out to passengers on flights with the patient .
last weekend copenhagen zoo killed a giraffe , also named marius , to prevent in-breeding .
sheikh tamim bin hamad al thani had been groomed to take over for years .
 medical examiner 's office : `` manner of death is accident '' .
 noted technology investor , tim draper , wants to turn california into six separate states .
 69 percent of blacks polled say martin luther king jr 's vision realized .
opposition dismisses yanukovych 's call for negotiations .
 fernando espuelas : latino voters provided critical support for prop.
 the two met last month , south korea says .
 warren buffett , the world 's third-richest man , donated $ 25,000 to a pro-hillary clinton political group .
iran is also to fund a cinematic response to `` argo ''
 u.s. government urges american citizens to move 50 miles away .
japan calls for evacuations within 12 miles .
more than 100,000 people displaced by conflict in country 's northwest .
fire officials are looking for two potential witnesses .'
 putin 's annual press conference spikes tensions .
 is bitcoin over ?
china says it `` is strongly dissatisfied '' with arms sales to taiwan by the united states .
temperatures will be 20 degrees below average on the east coast .
 kaitlyn hunt will plead no contest to five charges under new deal , prosecutor says .
 state seeks immediate ruling from high court .
`` we trust each other in an unprecedented manner , '' french president hollande says .
fbi will comply with singapore police 's request for help on u.s. soil , embassy says .
 tv gear case fell on journalist miles o'brien 's arm .
barbie featured in magazine is also for sale at target .
daughter of president kennedy visited upstate new york , met with al sharpton .
 r.e.m.
the new hello kitty b777 has a ` sanrio family hand-in-hand ' theme .
jennifer nettles says she would have complied if asked .
 jordan is sandwiched between troubled countries including syria and iraq .
it would allow the government to control and sell marijuana .
 jundallah militant group claims responsibility , blames a military offensive in north waziristan .
democratic rep. carolyn maloney of new york estimates about four individuals are still eligible for payments .'
record-breaking epidemic hits poverty-stricken liberia , guinea and sierra leone .
 brandon stanton launched humans of new york blog .
 china foreign ministry spokesman calls on u.s. to withdraw charges .
 cdc director dr. tom frieden has just returned from west africa .
games will become more social and have advanced storylines in the future .
in india , there 's the chance to glimpse tigers at the the samode safari lodge in madhya pradesh .
religious leaders issued a statement this week on how women should behave .
 an italian patrol aircraft sights six boats , one sinking .
 man arrested is alleged ringleader of notorious mexican drug-trafficking family .
lebaron had become anti-crime activist after his brother was kidnapped .
report confirms widespread cheating in atlanta public schools .
bynes is charged with a felony tampering with physical evidence .
friend of lloyd 's asks .
 the measure now goes to president obama to be signed into law .
al-shabaab militants attacked building with explosives , weapons .
questions are more personalized than the questions journalists would ask .
candidates may be challenged by questions outside of their `` comfort zones '' .
democrats to debate monday at 7 p.m. et , republicans do so in september .
 pentagon says scandal involves 34 officers .
 jaycee chan could face three years in jail for `` sheltering others to take drugs '' .
u.n. agency : plastic bags are second-most common form of litter .
bags a major threat to ocean wildlife , u.n. agency says .
saltsman said song is satire of a los angeles times article .
only side effect of intravenous injection was that it turned test rats blue .
a utah animal sanctuary has agreed to take the dog .
 texas passed a law allowing `` merry christmas '' and `` happy holidays '' .
 after anxious wait , kia scherr learns husband , daughter were killed in mumbai , india .
the winners are chosen by the target readers -- children and teens .
the son told deputies that his wrestler father attacked him .'
it 's not about politics .
 hundreds of thousands of customers without power .
cuba says the weapons were going to be repaired and returned .
sirleaf says , `` this is not a question of shame on the family '' .
the defense minister says `` we will definitely air raid north korea , '' yonhap reports .
gadhafi 's son has warned of a possible civil war if protesters do not back down .
 official : the head of mahawar pharmaceuticals and his son are arrested .
the most incidents are reported at los angeles international airport .
 five guards facing 14 counts of manslaughter , other charges .
 spokesman : eric cantor spoke with an fbi official about the matter in october .
boston marathon is always held on patriots day , which falls on third monday in april .
the child died in a village in guinea on december 6 , 2013 .
the illness spread to family members and mourners who attended a funeral .
 doctors in ireland remove breathing support from a pregnant woman .
 this january , there were 34 homicides in philadelphia .
madeleine , 3 , disappeared from her family 's holiday apartment in portugal in 2007 .
 the faa gives southwest five days to complete the missed checks .
the transitional national council is a main organization for the opposition .
the united nations called on liberians to refrain from violence .
who spokesman : early reports suggests human error was to blame .
he allegedly told responding officers : `` shoot me now .
kill me now '' .
sochi hosts russia 's inaugural grand prix in october 2014 .
 hit u.s. tv shows have many fans in china .
 washington post quotes officer timothy zoll describing memorial as `` pile of trash '' .
bryson has no history of seizures , an official says .
 minister to gun manufacturer : stop using michelangelo 's david statue in ad .
 willie robertson told cnn 's `` new day '' he believes the bible .
 stimulus payments to be sent to 55 million recipients between now and june 4 .
a french icebreaker ship that was en route had its mission suspended .
chesley b.
the singer-actor was charged with drunken driving in 2010 in florida and 2013 in new york .
 driver to appear in court monday ; police seek further information from uber .
shiv kumar yadav arrested in mathura after woman accuses him of rape , police say .
 some republican governors agree with obama 's thinking on subject .
president obama calls on the nation 's governors to spend more on education .
the president addresses a luncheon with the national governors association .
lawrence .
the canadian government said one of the two missing ships has been found .'
 nurse kaci hickox : `` i do n't plan on sticking to the guidelines '' on quarantine .
martelly received 67.6 % of the vote , preliminary results show .
 prosecutors get an arrest warrant tuesday night .
 u.n. security council votes down proposal from jordan .
the staffer for scalise at the time , cameron henry , is brothers with scalise 's chief of staff .
the pac spent about 20 % of its donations in payments to webb 's wife and daughter .
 police chief says there will be no updates until after friday 's autopsy .
bearden 's family is `` understandably devastated '' and `` we will all miss her greatly '' .
police chief says he does n't have an issue with how the father responded .
 billboard says you can hears spears singing under track .
these churches can hold up to 15,000 people in one service .
she was working with save the children in sierra leone as a volunteer nurse .
 spelman college suspends cosby-endowed professorship .
 three british men were charged thursday with preparing acts of terrorism .
a fire that occurred after the blast has been extinguished , pemex says .
it warns the united states of `` counteraction '' against its `` citadels '' .
but there have been problems between governmental units in the dallas case .
there are three types of anthrax infection ; early symptoms can suggest flu .
21 deaths are reported in los rios province .
he 's facing late-breaking controversy over his teaching work at lsu .
a sampling of the ghost-like images was obtained under the freedom of information act .
the marshals service says the images were never accessed before the request .'
prime minister shinzo abe : `` women are japan 's most underutilized resource '' .
a second death in catalina island harbor is also being investigated .
the aclu and a community leader blast a police union that posted the video .
 image of most recent presidents improved after they left office .
experts are trying to figure out who the bearded man in the painting is .
she is the first to be diagnosed with ebola in the uk .
the maker of `` starcraft ii '' isues statement to cnn on gaming addiction .
`` games are meant to be a source of entertainment , '' the company says .
 lesotho is a mountainous nation of 2 million landlocked by south africa .
one person tweets : `` this team has zero self-awareness '' .
jon stewart says he will host a `` rally to restore sanity '' on october 30 .
but damaged water storage tanks have been leaking irradiated water .
hammonds was criticized after she conducted a secret search of faculty e-mails .
white lodging says an investigation is underway .
 for the second week in a row , mortar fire strikes somali capital .
 jen corn weighed more than 300 pounds in the fall of 2011 .
`` i did n't know i was their enemy , but i was , '' she tells larry king .
wilson said brown tried to take his gun and charged at him .'
martial law follows killings of 57 last week in maguindanao province .
research suggests the distortion could be a side effect of global warming .'
next up : white day .
valentine 's day has evolved to incorporate more than just romantic interests .
comedian james `` jimmy mack '' mcnair was killed .
 mayor is raising his two grandchildren not to be ` whiny ' .
 the largest meteor shower of the year , geminid , is cranking up .
she married rupert murdoch in 1999 and they have two children .
 two boxers , myles and merlin , beat the odds as rescue dogs .
they 're also making pumpkin pot pie .
 hundreds were wrongly accepted into an elite computer science program .
republicans and democrats squabbled over policy provisions to be included in the bill .
 two residents of greece , new york , objected to invocations at town board meetings .
 kamigoten ryokan has been run by the same family since 1658 .
most of the town of pilger , nebraska , is wiped out by twin tornadoes .
a new government is crucial to success in iraq , kerry says in a cnn interview .
 dr. dean fishman coined the term `` text neck '' in 2008 .
a watch could spawn an industry of compatible third-party wearable accessories .'
valentine 's day and mother 's day are their busiest season for floral inspections .
scalise called gop members of the house on tuesday .
 russia has banned food imports from countries that have imposed sanctions against it .
in bedrock are rounded gravels too large to have been moved by wind .
the air canada jet went into a violent dive .
 u.n. registered 51.2 million as refugees , asylum seekers or internally displaced last year .
 there are only six northern white rhinos left in the world .
warhol , who died in 1987 , made 22 versions of `` double elvis '' paintings .
humberto leal garcia , a mexican national , was not granted consular access .
despite rift in relations , turkey remains dependent on israel for defense technology .
organization of the islamic conference says film `` deliberate act of discrimination '' .
 suraya pakzad and other afghan women 's rights advocates visit washington .
eliot spitzer resigned as new york 's governor over a prostitution scandal .
massachusetts became first state to legalize same-sex marriage in 2003 .
 thousands of air travelers are stranded at frankfurt 's airport .
 mixbit , released thursday , lets users create and edit short videos .
he did n't scream or break anything but did grab a toy from one of the other children .
growing up , her family did n't eat healthy meals .
 julian zelizer : criticism of obama foreign policy has been on the increase .
 sen. jeanne shaheen and gop 's scott brown are tied among likely voters , poll says .
 darrell hammond was longtime `` snl '' cast member .
the country 's finance minister said a new package would come without new conditions .
u.s. officials have accused president ali bongo ondimba of corruption .'
 search suspended for 8 missing crew members of a ship .
 the minister 's statement comes after rebels show video of kidnapped family .
 obama will name a japanese internment camp a national monument .
 rebecca ruetten photographed fast food as social commentary about class divide .
she is being treated in a specialized isolation unit in a london hospital .'
investigators found zhou took bribes , helped others , traded power for sex .
 iranian official : new sanctions would `` ruin the entire agreement '' .
reports : nsa and gchq have cracked much of the encryption protecting online data .
poll : of those quizzed , brazilians feel most pressure to be slimmer .
a 2011 report alleges that save the children helped in the hunt for bin laden .
the worker has been fired , veterinarian patrick sexton said .
 new : flooding reported in pittsburgh , elsewhere in pennsylvania .
he is reportedly reprising iron man role in `` captain america 3 ''
 putin declares an `` open and honest '' victory , but opponents cry foul .
ahmadinejad won landslide victory with 62 percent of vote , government says .
sentences range from five to 10 years , spokesman for federal prosecutors says .
 a friend of weinstein 's said his appearance has changed dramatically .
 gen. david petraeus has been tapped to head the cia .
colvin 's mother says she believes her daughter was targeted .
more than 1,300 years old , sakinoyu onsen is one of japan 's three oldest hot springs .
 street art gallery is the first of its kind in the uae .
bowe r. bergdahl , 23 , was captured june 30 from paktika province .
kerry releases $ 190 million to egypt 's government , $ 60 million for business .
 nancy motes was found on the floor of a bathroom sunday .
brown has been in court-ordered rehab for the past four months .
he is serving five years probation for the beating of rihanna .
 the u.s. border patrol agent was allegedly caught with marijuana .
two other border patrol agents discovered him and the drugs while patrolling the border .'
the u.s. state department says it is `` watching the situation very closely '' .
 south korea sat tests canceled after cheating scandal was uncovered .
the former nebraska governor is a conservative democrat .
 73 % in cnn/orc international poll say george zimmerman should be arrested .
federer using a 98-inch racket head against 90-inch previously .
tammy meyers was shot after she got out of her car outside her home .'
 `` brave miss world '' received an emmy nomination .
drew peterson , who 'd been married to both , is convicted of murder in savio 's 2004 death .
 scientists have discovered ancient primate archicebus achilles .
south korea says it has flown into disputed zone since chinese declaration .
 nuclear test sensors picked up meteor 's sound wave as far away as antarctica .
 rules let groups like religious hospitals , schools to decline to provide contraception coverage .
the led lenser safari flashlight provides more than 500 meters of light .
the mcm small duke backpack can protect your belongings from heat and sand .'
he was found shot in the head .'
official : one large object initially believed to be from the plane is from a ship .
divers report zero visibility as they search the bottom of the java sea .
 some interpret bill banning robes or masks in public spaces to include hooded sweatshirts .
pet said it had nothing to do with anwar al-awlaki operation .'
customers can order cookies online for the first time .'
 four more protesters are arrested in austin , texas .
uk health secretary jeremy hunt says she is in a critical but stable condition .
sobel : higher sea level , a consequence of warming , magnifies flooding .'
 pelosi says `` there will be a democratic congress and a democratic president . ''
one upside to cyrus ' vma appearance is that it may show strength , said one mom .
 yankees all-stars remember a fair , demanding ` boss ' .
spacex 's scheduled launch tuesday is aborted ; next possible attempt is friday .
the move is to keep clocks in sync with the earth 's rotation .
 new : father and son arrive in orlando at 6 pm et from brazil .
president barack obama says no decision has been made on syria strike .
 kerry says he 's confident syrian opposition will attend paris talks .
 pregnant christian woman sentenced to death for apostasy in sudan .
 mcfarlane `` surely violated no laws , '' his attorney says .
`` i did n't think i would survive , '' he said in an interview with the washington post .
fuller said issue should be resolved within family .
 eduardo miranda has created a system which allows people to make music using their eyes .
the cholera outbreak hit haiti after the january earthquake .
he was convicted by north korea of `` hostile acts '' in 2013 .
he was indicted on 13 counts relating to bankruptcy fraud .
 kudzanai chiurai is an internationally recognized artist from zimbabwe .
`` we have never seen any military man there , '' the father says .
france is part of the coalition fighting isis .
he has been the washington post bureau chief in iran since 2012 .'
doctors initially had said 72-year-old ali had pneumonia .'
`` particularly devastating '' tornado damage reported in springfield .
cosby tv wife phylicia rashad defends the comedian .
biden will visit japan , china and south korea during an asian visit .
turbulence caused injuries and forced the plane to divert .
skype has suspended its password-reset feature temporarily as a precaution .
ebonics is `` a language form we have a need for , '' dea says .
new cases of cancer are tipped to rise 57 % worldwide in 20 years , says the who .
the weapon used in the death of odin lloyd has not been found .'
seven other sailors are hospitalized after toxic smoke on a submarine .
the chief of the navy has stepped down following a series of problems on vessels .
 the iowa gop chairman says he has n't heard from jeb bush about a potential campaign .
board of governors would have to approve sale of team .
 saturday is the administration 's deadline for healthcare.gov to work for most users .
latest snafu : small businesses ca n't enroll online for a year .
the aclu suit says students are not being educated as state law requires .
 russia will build up to 8 new reactors in iran for `` atomic energy , '' state media says .
the announcement comes less than 2 weeks before the deadline in iran 's nuclear talks with the p5 +1 .
they made their discovery by pulling scotch tape off graphite .
 italian scientists quit government posts over l'aquila convictions .
 google patent filing paints picture of throat tattoo with microphone .
 former arkansas gov.
clinton is board chairman of the national constitution center , giving the honor .
tests carried out on hermit crabs in shells that were given mild electric shocks .
the kor-fx vest is $ 150 and works with any audio input .'
new : mayor says : `` this ca n't happen again in cambridge . ''
tolokonnikova and maria alyokhina , jailed for performance critical of putin , released .
tradition dated back to teletype machines of the 1800s .
russian foreign ministry accuses opposition of `` dictatorship and terror '' .
 rallies in support of officer darren wilson are being organized on social media .
another nuclear officer lost his job after allegations he used counterfeit gambling chips at a casino .'
the drone 's flight was the first such commercial flight approved over land .
 google has posted more information about how its glass product works .
 a forensic audio expert says at least 10 shots are fired in the recording .
brahimi calls their statements `` a significant step forward ''
 angola one of the biggest oil producers in africa .
 the pentagon praises the move as a `` significant milestone '' .
 the woman who fielded tuff 's 911 call describes her as a `` true hero '' .
 report : almost half of video game players in u.s. are female .
obama was close to ordering airstrikes in syria in 2013 .
lionel messi misses penalty just before half time .'
the taliban statement follows another one by al qaeda .'
mccain said in an interview published monday that he 's encouraging graham to run .
the mayor of kharkiv is in critical condition after emergency surgery .
users link a credit card to the app ; when they pay , they automatically get discounts .
ukrainian military base commander in crimea denies switching allegiance .
 new : students briefly trapped in an elementary school .
that same author says the most successful surgeon generals have been those that can speak out .'
a new lower court judge is to be assigned to the case .
there is no global body to regulate commercial hot air balloon operations .
the changes would give more power to the prime minister and parliament .
 report : apple considering bigger and cheaper iphones .
her family says she was bullied for more than a year after being gang-raped .
 a former technology executive is advocating holding meetings while on walks .
 unc chancellor acknowledges `` failure in academic oversight '' .
i have a 9-year-old '' .
cadbury creme eggs appear on shelves from january until easter .
bus reportedly collided head-on with an oil tanker .
the senate will consider amendments that supporters hope will attract more democrats in the coming weeks .
molotov cocktails were hurled at the front gates in both incidents .
virginia has recorded 78 dolphin deaths this month alone .
steyer : if president obama is to be a climate leader , he must reject the keystone xl pipeline .
eesha khare developed a tiny supercapacitor to speed battery charging .
at least 3 people were killed in the blast , which leveled two apartment buildings .'
 dartmouth holds discussions , ` teach-ins ' after protesting students are threatened online .
breyer , now 89 , is charged with complicity in the deaths of thousands at the camp .'
 residents in atlanta 's affluent buckhead community are worried .
snowden fled the u.s. after leaking information about nsa spy programs .
 new : obama says nato meeting `` very productive '' .
 steffen says the internet can bring communities closer together .
 republicans take brunt of blame for government shutdown , debt fight .
at a microbial level , life is adapting , cameron says .
the israel defense forces says it was a so-called `` price tag '' attack .
the debate also included death row legal experts john h. blume and robert blecker .
 joan rivers appears to post on facebook about the iphone 6 .
cancer recurrence could explain weight loss .
the soviet union did not evacuate villages when testing began .
defense ministry : at least 12 government soldiers and 11 attackers were killed .
 sherry ott shares her secrets for taking a career break trip .
 ebola causes viral hemorrhagic fever and kills up to 90 % of people who catch it .
they were later traced to northern mali , where the trail appears to have gone cold .
`` the council deems the law unconstitutional , '' france 's highest court says .
cosby has repeatedly said allegations against him of sexual assault are untrue .
 justin sylvester had maternity photos taken of himself .
a missouri police officer `` relieved of duty '' after pointing rifle , threatening protester 's life .
facebook is always looking for and disabling these types of accounts .
 ernest wallace pleads not guilty to charge linked to slaying of odin lloyd in june .
 kurdish security forces allow families into region , with significant restrictions .
gabor 's husband previously asked for $ 28 million for the home .
hernandez is charged with first-degree murder in odin lloyd 's killing .
 feisal abdul rauf launches a `` multinational , multifaith movement '' .
doger sevdet fought alongside chechen rebels .
 the somali government says it will lead an investigation into the allegations .
 police are in riot gear ; there are no immediate reports of injuries .
 two deputies will remain on leave with pay until an investigation into a jail death is done .
the prosecution has gone through messages between pistorius and steenkamp .
photos , not controversial rolling stone cover , revealed `` the true image of terror , '' he says .
 cnn opens abu dhabi production center and newsgathering hub today .
decision comes before obama attends summit of the americas .
british pm to head task force to tackle radicalization .'
 russia is holding presidential election on march 4 ; putin is expected to win .
 vladimir putin has dominated russian politics for more than a decade .
nearby is the quiver tree forest , home to a unique aloe species .
copies of a sex tape showing the ex-mistress and edwards will be destroyed .
the aide and his wife admit no liability , and there is no monetary settlement .
new : no homosexuals in iran , mahmoud ahmadinejad says .
this selfie does n't qualify for copyright protection .
 two thais arrested after rihanna posts instagram photo of endangered loris in phuket .
abductions by strangers are rare ; runaways are much more numerous .
on some days , the type of wounds are suspiciously similar , he said .
costa previously worked as coach of the iran women 's side .
etihad airways , the uae 's flag carrier , redesigned the cabins in its a380 and b787 passengers jets .
 annual conde nast traveler survey names melbourne and auckland as world 's friendliest cities .
dealer who first reported the thefts places artworks ' value at close to $ 1.5 million .
 sharrif wilson , 38 , dies less than one year after his release from prison .
both gatwick and heathrow are hoping to land a new runway .
`` this is a stunning development , '' says north korea expert .
the 21st century cures initiative is a bipartisan bill to speed the cycle for finding faster cures .'
police have not been able to confirm rape allegations detailed in rolling stone .'
 the new u.s. ambassador to the dominican republic is openly gay and married .
 sen. john mccain says guantanamo could still be closed .
 anchorage has had more than 133 inches of snow for the 2011-2012 season .
 anti-isis messaging campaign is working , state department official says .
japan 's new prime minister is on a mission to reinvigorate the japanese economy .
 president obama calls afghan leader to discuss security agreement .
the mother of james foley said she was `` appalled '' by u.s. response .
in 1996 , he endorses same-sex marriage in a survey .
amundsen 's plane crashed in 1928 while he was on a rescue mission to north pole .
 ffene , slicebiz and prowork are the three winners of the apps4africa 2012 competition .
lieberman cites president-elect obama 's appeal against punishment .
republicans want to repeal defense budget cuts .'
the project includes the construction of a $ 100 million , 13-story community center .
`` i think the united states has been terrific , '' netanyahu adds .
new : to be portugal 's prime minister after his party forms coalition government .
david haines was abducted near aid camp in syria in march 2013 , acted says .
sarah brady : the law , which honors her husband , requires background checks .
 amazon : 27 of 100 top kindle books are self-published .
 former president george w. bush says hillary clinton is his ` sister-in-law ' .
 charles taylor found guilty by u.n. court of war crimes in sierra leone civil war .
 a prosecutor reviews the security video from bieber 's home .
fifa president sepp blatter has history of gaffes .
 boko haram leader says it has kidnapped more than 200 girls in nigeria .
video from the train and station wil be examined by investigators .
 obama plans to speak with el-sisi `` to advance our strategic partnership '' .
the all-male high court rules her termination did not constitute unlawful discrimination .
 laura ling and euna lee were arrested after stepping into north korea .
her hip surgery in july followed a fall from bed .
king was an openly gay eighth grader .
first commonwealth games gold for track and field icon .
patients taking them would have to follow up with their doctors more often .
airstrikes wo n't be used where there 's concern about civilian presence , nato says .
patient had 80 percent of her face reconstructed in 22-hour procedure .
karen rudolph : `` if someone does file a complaint , we will investigate it ''
he has argued for barring women from the presidency and called israeli leaders `` vampires '' .
 french government confirms that isis has taken over qaraqosh .
the comments come after boko haram video claims to show some of the girls .
protesters reject putin 's election as president , saying the vote was not free .
food described as `` loaded '' or `` stuffed '' is likely loaded and stuffed with calories .
travelers booked on qantas flights are advised not to go to the airport .
barbour and her husband are charged in a november 2013 killing .
 president obama , mitt romney call for fully enforcing existing gun laws .
 abdel fattah el-sisi : egypt will `` rise '' to `` correct the mistakes of the past '' .
he says another round of sanctions could derail negotiations and is unnecessary .
 a group of citizens seeks an injunction to block the restart of a nuclear facility .
new sanctions could embolden hard-liners in tehran .
 president , cabinet don scuba gear to sign carbon emissions declaration .
12 airports in china to be affected , including both shanghai airports .'
she says putin argues ukraine asked for help .
cases of campylobacter illness are on the rise , according to the cdc .
new york fashion week runs from september 4 to 11 .
 scientists linked cesium from fukushima daiichi to bluefin tuna in 2011 .
 he 's a suspect in the 2005 disappearance of natalee holloway in aruba .
some restaurants in the island nation already are privately owned .
isis beheaded journalist james foley ; in that video , the terrorist group threatened to kill sotloff .
shvedova took every point in first set in beating sara errani .
putin has two choices ; neither works to his advantage .
posted sunday , video has more than 1 million views on youtube .
four top military officials are in a maximum-security prison .
republican rep. cantor says there will be `` discussions on both sides '' .
`` we want to move quickly , '' a house republican says .
the pilot had reported a possible engine problem .
he is backed by a coalition of opposition parties seeking to unseat president chavez .
 most senators undecided on how they 'll vote on syria .
claims that over 100 u.s. citizens fighting with isis are probably overestimate .
nestle usa recalled some hot pockets products last month .'
isis ''
sri lankan government says prabhakaran is dead .
 the scare was a false alarm , nasa says .
christopher lee cornell , 20 , allegedly aligned himself with isis .
 melinda gates : on international women 's day , make every woman count -- literally .
 what appear to be unretouched photos of beyonce are posted online .
women voters are a key demographic in the november election .
`` a book about the human soul deserved to have a human covering , '' a note says .
 isis is believed to be have at least two more u.s. captives .
it 's not known who 's holding u.s. journalist austin tice , who disappeared in 2012 .
 victim 4 says sandusky treated him `` like his girlfriend '' in private .
donohoo lives in tennessee with his parents and works at a hospital .
the literature spans 200 years , from jane austen to kate atkinson .
the handgun used to shoot `` suge '' knight and two others has not been found .
archbishop diarmuid martin : `` no words of apology can be sufficient ''
mother of survivor : ` they knew that they were going to crash '
 state news agency : china begins `` one-year crackdown on violent terrorist activities '' .
there are more lighthouses in the u.s. than any other country .
velasquez did the same as a judge in colombia .
a school principal is killed in the attack in karachi 's baldia town area , police say .
when complete , grand inga could have a massive capacity of 40,000 megawatts .
 joan rivers was brash , popular comedian and host .
too cold for chicago zoo 's polar bear , but not for some minnesotans .
residents claim soldiers killed as many as 40 boko haram members .'
at least 250 people have died across europe due to weather .
ukraine 's emergencies minister says 9 out of 10 of the deaths from cold have been alcohol-related .
`` chicago is the world in one place , '' says reynaldo leal .
netflix released all 13 episodes of season two on friday .
wilson shot unarmed black teenager michael brown on august 9 .'
various methods have been used to test athletes ' gender .
he says afghan forces will `` absolutely '' be ready to take over security by 2014 .
bp is doing prep work to replace the blowout preventer on the damaged well .
king blasts democrats for being `` petrified '' of immigration vote .
 new : a federal judge sets a may 25 competency hearing for jared lee loughner .
 new : jorge barahona is charged with attempted murder ; home is being searched .
stevens , a tabloid photo editor , was the first person to die in the anthrax attacks in 2001 .
22-time olympic medalist is arrested on a dui charge .
the gun belonged to the caregiver , two cnn affiliates report .
 the fast food industry continues its revenue and profit , doctor says .
 mapping of the search zone has detected particularly hard areas of seafloor .
 nicolaus mills : landmark new york times v. sullivan case rooted in civil rights movement .
capt.
court documents reveal details about the relationships between the attackers .
 the holland tunnel between manhattan , new jersey is slated to reopen wednesday .
 vonderrit myers , 18 , was fatally shot by an officer last week .
israel wants to destroy the tunnel network .
cnn reporter watches rocket intercepted near ben gurion airport .
 thousands of water buffalo and goats will be slaughtered in nepal 's gadhimai festival .
 congo war , funded by conflict minerals , is the deadliest since world war ii .
dogecoin is an alternative digital coin to the popularly traded cryptocurrency bitcoin .
 more than 340 children have been treated at a hospital in mobile , alabama .
 a woman told police she took a phone from the apartment of a man who raped her .
mark sanford apologizes for affair with argentine woman .
 jennifer lawrence tells vanity fair that her hacked nude photos are `` violation '' .
the huskies made all their free throws while the wildcats missed 11 .
dongdaemun design plaza will be open 24 hours in trendy shopping district .
 a new university of california study suggests dogs can exhibit jealousy .
israel says its goal of destroying tunnels has been met .
egypt 's muslim brotherhood has `` the right to use force , '' al-zawahiri adds .
u.s. military says it has carried out 22 airstrikes in iraq since friday .
 soup kitchen international reopened tuesday .
his midtown manhattan store had been closed for 6 years .
he is the first non-european pontiff of the modern era , the first from south america .'
 `` they threw him in solitary and then ignored him '' for 22 months , stephen slevin 's lawyer says .
oscar winner was en route to zurich film festival , which was honoring him .
azerbaijan 's economy has grown rapidly in recent years .
winfield was the face of many marlboro cigarette ads .
 `` emotionally overwhelmed '' bhutto greeted by thousands on return to pakistan .
 researchers find an earth-sized planet that may be habitable .
 a legislative effort is underway in south carolina to reduce state money for two colleges .
 glenn beck , conservative media host , thinks hillary clinton `` will be the next president '' .
 will you buy cards , flowers , candy or jewelry for valentine 's day ?
 an error led to a porn video being listed as an editor 's pick in twitter 's new vine app .
vine lets users shoot and post six-second videos from their phones .
he has to contend with power cuts during open heart surgery .
masten says other former playboy bunnies were sexually assaulted by cosby .
success was record 29th italian title for juve .
 items found in suspects ' car could have been used to make explosives , officials say .
prime minister benjamin netanyahu has called for its dissolution and new elections .
 vicks spray recalled after small amount of product found to contain bacteria .
federer will be needed if switzerland is to down france in this week 's davis cup final .
 palestinian authority says `` if things go well , '' talks could begin in washington in `` coming days '' .
 two bulls put three bullfighters out of commission .
special ops forces tend to do more tours than other divisions .
he is a u.s. citizen who was born and raised in new york .'
officials promise transparency on research that alters interrogation `` best practices ''
he began his career at the age of six and is now a youth icon .
 mtv pop-culture game show first aired in 1987 .
shell oil says it is investigating the incident .
declassified summary of intelligence estimate on iran 's nuclear work released .
a suicide bomber detonated in kabul at the ministry of defense .
last week , iran 's supreme leader said israeli officials `` can not be even called humans ''
the finished suit will be a `` spacecraft to wear , '' says groomer .
 senate votes 58-41 to confirm former nebraska senator , a republican .
holmes is accused of killing 12 people in mass shooting .
nadya suleman demanded all 12 embryos , the doctor says .
 professor of design don norman wants designers to be more inclusive .
the idea originated with restaurateur 's dream of having a `` bed under the stars ''
blue fire at europa park in germany is the first upside-down roller coaster without a restraint .
 airbus ' fleet of five beluga super transporters has been in service for over 20 years .
the first law was passed in 1821 , banning use of toxic substances .
 simon still faces a charge of involuntary homicide in the dominican republic .
 chris boyd pleads guilty to being an accessory after the fact in an alleged rape .
his plea deal calls for 1 year probation and his testifying against 4 accused of rape .
 venezuelan president nicolas maduro says three generals were arrested .
 iucn says all eight species of pangolin are threatened by illegal trade .
 new : anthony hopkins denied bail at initial court appearance .
`` we are not trying to get anyone sick , '' her boyfriend says .
 district judge g. todd baugh schedules a new hearing for friday .
snowden 's statement followed a news report about a rift .
kenya 's rift valley has a unique climate for its vineyards .
 gov.
more than 75 are dead in philippines in flooding from tropical storm ketsana .'
 some `` peak baggers '' try to summit the highest point in all 50 u.s. states .
a military chaplain told one victim that rape was `` god 's will ''
traffic is relatively light on los angeles ' freeways .
 doctor : giffords `` does not need as much assistance as we had anticipated '' .
 european authorities are busy after last week 's terror attacks in france .
teen births in the united states have been steadily declining since 1991 .
rafael nadal makes his grand slam comeback .
 south korea companies such as samsung have become global brands .
a u.s. blackhawk helicopter carried snipers toward the hotel , they said .
chambliss is the latest conservative to reject norquist 's pledge .
rolling stone 's managing editor says the discrepancies are `` deeply unsettling '' .
he denies using performance-enhancing drugs in recent years .'
it includes details on halting progress of iran 's nuclear program .
 iran 's foreign minister says iran retains the right to nuclear technology .
she considers herself christian , but a court says she is muslim .
opposition leader yulia tymoshenko has been released from prison .
 obama accuses russian-backed separatists of trying `` to disenfranchise entire regions '' .
 the ukrainian prime minister and his cabinet resign but remain in place until elections .
some legal analysts say it could be a game changer in the case .
rinzler .
alton alexander nolen , 30 , is charged with murder , attempted murder , assault .
 more than 729,000 without power in southeast , utilities say .
 spanish village of genalguacil offers free two-week stays to artists in exchange for their work .
a federal judge says florida 's same-sex marriage bans violates u.s. constitution .
strongest kurdish party captures 10 more seats .
but erdogan has already indicated he will seek more powers as the president .
 katy perry and miley cyrus are having a fallout over their kiss .
up to no.
the white house readies executive action on immigration .
so far only a few people have been hospitalized , but 300,000 ca n't use tap water .
all seven people aboard the plane were killed , state media reported .
his daughters and his wife are in a feud over him .
 malala yousafzai will return to address leaders at the united nations in september .
donors ' conference pledges total more than $ 1.37 billion .
any mission to kill isis leader abu bakr al-baghdadi would need obama 's approval .
isis militant : `` these strikes can not stop us , our support or our fighters '' .
transportation department says obama will not pursue the tax .
 tuesday is the fourth anniversary of michael jackson 's death .
 university of pennsylvania students develop upper-body exoskeleton .
1 priority ''
a syrian official calls the geneva framework announced saturday a `` victory '' .
a minivan packed with explosives hit a restaurant popular with security forces .
the 8.0-magnitude quake struck off the santa cruz islands , part of the solomons .
21 al qaeda members and 10 soldiers have been killed , state tv says .
 indian border guards fire four rockets into pakistan along punjab region border .
 cnn sees a video showing a woman being abused by two men .
a u.s. diplomatic cable painted a less-than-flattering portrait of the prime minister .
he was found guilty of 5 of 6 charges , including crimes against humanity .
protest was apparently to end 31-year reign of president robert mugabe .
it equals the record of six years for the longest wait between a first and second world title .
 first lady michelle obama and singer beyonce are friends .
all five had been shot , and two suffered blunt-force trauma .
prosecutors disclosed that the alleged victim told them she lied about several matters .
despite dna evidence , prosecutors now have doubts about the case .
paul plans to campaign for re-election and is strongly considering a presidential run .'
rodriguez is sentenced three life terms ; prosecutor says the city `` is a little bit safer ''
 on the night he was arrested , eric frein told cops he had a laptop he had been using .
 pioneering author broke taboos in the black community .
 gm unveils first restored corvette from national corvette museum sinkhole disaster .
 dover police department says goal of video is to show human side of police .
vendor has been detained by police .'
loory covered johnson , nixon , early manned space flights .
former prime minister 's party appears to have won most national assembly seats .
the shooting took place monday morning in the capital , bratislava .'
 tlc has reportedly canceled `` here comes honey boo boo '' .
 `` all blacks need to leave the store , '' unidentified male says over public address system .
she said she uses humor to remind people about the holocaust .
he stabs several passersby , police say .'
dossier was allegedly commissioned by failed 2018 england bid .
 glorious goodwood to be renamed qatar goodwood festival .
 consistent accounts indicate that adam lanza played a lot of violent video games .
the law does not apply to self-shot photos that are shared during a relationship .
new : the deal calls for $ 38.5 billion in spending cuts .
he sought training in yemen , but it 's not clear if he ever made contact with a terror group .
`` draw mohammed day '' was being organized by online group .
 italy 's former prime minister silvio berlusconi is given a four-year sentence for tax fraud .
the bodies of the two abducted teenagers were found in the mississippi river .
cte can be diagnosed only after death , but a new study begins to describe symptoms .
 south korea companies such as samsung have become global brands .
vote previews battle that lies ahead between congress , obama .
 mike mcadoo is a former football player who was involved in the scandal .
only 1 in 10 believe democrats and republicans have their best interests at heart .
medical examiner rules the death a homicide .'
morgan says the interview became an advertisement for gun control .
bolivia says suspicions that snowden was on a presidential plane are `` unfounded '' .
jack daniel mccullough , now 73 , continues to assert his innocence .
executions were scheduled in georgia , missouri and florida over 24 hours .'
 iowa sen. chuck grassley is putting together a new gun control bill .
 civil engineering quake expert heads to haiti to assess buildings .
the elderly and children are the priority in military airlifts , a philippine officer says .
 charles narh teye lost both his legs as an infant .
he says the issue is the civil rights struggle of our time .
ahmadinejad says of obama .
 wikipedia founder jimmy wales calls for new model of journalism .
 president bush signs $ 152 billion economic stimulus bill .
he was left off mission trip for health reasons , center official says .
 mark booher , a murderer , captured in a hotel room in indianapolis .
 in a rare display of emotion , president obama chokes up over `` beautiful '' kids .
 putting power lines underground is expensive , time-consuming .
 rosen misses having someone to honor this mother 's day .
there has been a cluster in rural washington .
juventus insist the club still honors the relatives of heysel victims .'
in the united states , it 's caused by blockages in the lymphatic vessels .
 dalton hayes and cheyenne phillips are suspected of stealing three cars .
 there is no fda-approved treatment for low female sexual desire .
 kevin edson , 25 , was charged with making a false bomb threat and other offenses .
chris christie should n't bother saying sorry to him .
there are less than 1,000 karabakh bred horses left in the world .
the website has grown to have over 33,000 members , says nadav .
friends : redus was co-valedictorian of christian high school .
 ku klux klan recruitment fliers are turning up on driveways across the country .
 eighth consecutive year of no growth in female corporate board seats , new report says .
 more than 7,000 hotel properties receive tripadvisor travelers ' choice awards .
 three muslims killed in attacks following the murder of a hindu man in india 's bihar state .
the eight include three journalists jailed in egypt .
 the taliban claim responsibility , boast they killed 10 officers .
 clinton acknowledged that garner 's cigarette sale was illegal , but said he ` did n't deserve to die ' .
 schools will reopen in upper perkiomen at regular times .
obama called on congress to end the cuba embargo .
 attack on checkpoint occurred near baidoa ; police chief says militants were al-shabaab .
government troops managed to repel militants , police chief says .
 at least 250 individuals are believed to have left belgium to wage jihad in iraq and syria .
 a plane passenger has been hospitalized `` in an abundance of caution , '' a hospital spokeswoman says .
the disease is associated with memory loss , erratic behavior , aggression and paranoia .
he says that `` reality is excessive .
todashev was killed last week while being questioned over a 2011 triple homicide .
dea lists marijuana as a schedule 1 substance with `` high potential for abuse '' .
mally is being introduced to a family of fellow capuchin monkeys .
 christie and his family starred in ads for new jersey tourism after sandy .
the number of cyber attacks on government systems has jumped 35 percent in three years .
if keeping guns in the home , children should know how to use , mother says .
 star of `` snake salvation '' has died of venomous snakebite .
it cites local traders saying the ivory was sent back to china on the presidential plane .
rabbi yehuda glick was shot and hospitalized in serious condition .'
 a missouri man received a life sentence for possessing marijuana .
fifa holding its own investigation into 2018 and 2022 awards .
 wechat messaging app users typing in the phrase `` civil rights '' were inundated with u.s. flags .
debbie banks from the environmental investigation agency says this has `` set india apart from other tiger range countries '' .
the passenger arrived in newark monday after recent travel to an `` ebola-affected country '' .
 a french company has designed an energy generator that looks like a tree .
`` we said that hamzeh never had any political affiliation , '' uncle says about nephew .
 obama finally declares victory over economic recovery .
harvey updyke jr. was arrested early thursday .
some demonstrators say mubarak is like a father to them .'
 road and school closures across two states .
 jaylen fryberg shot 5 , killing 1 , at his washington high school before killing himself .
the case stems from the execution of an inmate last year .
some european countries are known to pay , but the u.s. and uk do not .
 voters in albuquerque rejected a ballot initiative to ban abortions after 20 weeks of pregnancy .
rudy giuliani : cutting bonuses means less spending in restaurants , stores .
leader of gaza city rocket teams is killed , israel says .
 olajumoke adenowo is one of nigeria 's leading architects .
 twitter has added photo filters to its android and ios mobile apps .
 the u.s. had been looking carefully at the ups crash for terror links .
the program had a 37-year run .
an unknown number of civilians have also been killed and injured .
officials insist that no highly classified information was taken .
napolitano says the new system will take effect april 26 .
no reaction from qatari officials on eman al-obeidy 's deportation .
al-obeidy tells cnn she was beaten , handcuffed and forced onto a plane in qatar .
 new : government spokesman : al-zawiya is `` absolutely under our control '' .
official : ships and aircraft will be ready to evacuate americans if necessary .
 beyonce pet a tiger in thailand while her daughter and husband looked on .
relationship allegedly involves a subordinate female red cross employee .
fey has played palin several times on the show .
 a same-sex marriage law is expected to be approved in illinois .
reports say moderates , pressured by family , have defected to al-nusra .
 security official says `` radical '' protesters cause `` serious threats to public safety '' .
 next phase of search operations starts with go phoenix .
robert f. kennedy jr. filed for divorce from his wife in 2010 .
he successfully gets one other count of genocide thrown out .
he says he was kicked , punched and his genitals grabbed during his arrest .
felt in late life identified himself as `` deep throat '' .
 iran president mahmoud ahmadinejad denies rift with supreme leader .
 pope benedict xvi has announced he is stepping down on february 28 .
 amnesty international alleges the systemic use of torture by the police in nigeria .
 syriza increases its support six-fold in greek elections .
everyblock was started in 2008 and had sites for 19 cities .'
 emma watson will play belle in a live-action `` beauty and the beast '' .
vonn flops in st moritz .
three other school employees face misdemeanor charges , he says .
 sepp blatter seeking fifth term as fifa president .
shaolin wushu culture center offers two-day kung fu retreats .
ann romney : `` his whole life has been in the private economy .
 despite reports that judge removed media from courtroom , it 's unclear what happened .
cristina fernandez de kirchner says it has `` not served the interests of the country '' .
the white house is arguing , essentially , that the refuge is `` too pristine '' for drilling .
 jeff zucker to become new head of cnn worldwide .
 maurice herzog and a fellow climber reached the top of annapurna in 1950 .
u.n. representative for iraq urges iraqi leaders to take steps to curb violence .'
but they were actually exchanging intelligence information , the fbi says .
there are still areas of marijuana transactions that are illegal under federal law .
the meat plant , closed for ` insanitary conditions ' reopened wednesday .
he 'd earlier pleaded guilty to some charges ; others including sodomy were dropped .
 google publishes detailed maps of north korea for the first time .
the u.s. `` categorically rejects '' the allegations , a state department spokeswoman says .
source : ex-prime minister yingluck shinawatra at a military compound in bangkok .
friday 's decision leaves married same-sex couples in `` legal limbo ''
eleven people were able to obtained subsidized insurance coverage under obamacare .
an independent scotland would have consequences for u.s.
 malaysia airlines website taken down by group calling themselves cyber caliphate .
the stolen jewelry was worth more than $ 1 million , police say .
people with disabilities and advocates counter cultural superstitions .'
london 's wembley stadium will host the final and semifinals .
 images appears to show hostage kenji goto holding a photo of captive jordanian .
 indonesia 's search agency says it will have 60 divers and 7 boats .
one designer 's home is so tiny , there 's no space for his wife .
 new : sen. stevens says he intends to prove his innocence .
 statement comes after ex-congressman suggests hagel as obama running mate .
sen. hagel , a republican , has disagreed with friend john mccain about iraq war .
 zuckerberg and wife , priscilla chan , gave about $ 500 million to a charitable foundation last year .
 new : mccain `` hopeful '' he 'll attend friday 's presidential debate .
 five men aged from 26 to 44 are arrested in a police raid in lunel , southern france .
one 8-year-old 's treatment in china will cost $ 26,500 .
more than 200 people killed in attacks in nairobi and dar es salaam .
creigh deeds was stabbed in a fight with his son , who died of a gunshot wound .
 the bill calls for life in prison for `` aggravated homosexuality '' .
`` this is our own little mini-stimulus package , '' chene thompson says .
more than 450 cuban doctors and nurses are training .
she was in kenya as an oxfam ambassador .
higher-ed students across california have been protesting a 32 percent tuition hike .
check with your airline for flexible flight waivers .'
drugs for lethal injections have been in short supply .'
 this is the second abortion law oklahoma has had shot down recently .
the supreme court justices refused to hear the appeal on sonagram requirement .
 silver car hits front entrance of edgewater casino in laughlin .
 rifqa bary has said that her muslim father threatened to kill her after her conversion .
clashes erupt between government forces and tribal fighters in yemen 's capital .
if you want to help , donations can be as simple as sending a text .'
real beat city rivals atletico madrid 3-0 in semifinal first leg .
former strongman alfredo stroessner known as brutal dictator from 1954-89 .
 35-year-old described as `` one of the most dangerous terrorists '' in yemen .
prices for suborbital space flights are already dropping from $ 200,000 to $ 102,000 .
alex moving toward mexico 's yucatan peninsula .
 cubans complained to jamaica about drug smuggling .
u.s. , cuban officials cooperated on interdiction .
lawmaker : bodies litter villages in northeast nigeria , thousands more flee .
100 homeless families from a busy street were relocated to a resort for training .
towns in new england and on long island under 30 inches of snow .
russia fears losing influence in its biggest middle east ally if the al-assad regime falls .'
he 'd challenged efforts to extradite him from britain , but a european court rules against him .
 a texas judge denied the second attempt by rick perry 's attorneys to have the felony charges against him thrown out .
 anderson cooper sunburnt his eyes while on water without sunglasses .
the actor claims to have paid 85 % in taxes in 2012 .'
 rodman and kim jong un sit together at a basketball game .
north korea 's supreme leader is a big basketball fan .
rodman 's trip to north korea is for a tv documentary .
mauritania 's ani news agency attributes the information to an aqim spokesman .
one of the examples was having his name in lights on the goodyear blimp .
 ferguson violence revives race debate for first black president .
children rescued from prostitution operations ranged in age from 13 to 17 .
guinea , not mali , makes the last eight after lots drawn .
the mona lisa foundation exists solely to research this one painting .
kerry says there 's `` no agreement '' with regards to any prisoner .
 london cleric abu hamza al-masri is on trial in federal court on terrorism-related charges .
 israel and hezbollah have stepped up fighting in recent days .
at least 28 other people are injured in the terror attack , according to state media .
 mark paffrath posted pics he took of federal vehicles massed at the hotel were he worked .
`` isis is the bully , and we just punched him in the nose , '' ex-delta force officer says .
 protesters are occupying parts of hong kong for an eighth week .
the former ferguson police officer shot and killed brown in august .
`` i 'll let them arrest me if it comes to that , '' one demonstrator tells cnn .
millions of square kilometers of ocean surface have been searched .
he acknowledged the release of the report was a `` hard pill to swallow ''
ukraine 's defense ministry blames pro-russian rebels ; moscow demands an investigation .
 pope francis prays for those displaced and suffering due to conflict in iraq and syria .
 hostages included the consul general of the turkish consulate in mosul .
polls show new jersey gov.
interior minister : `` the confidence in our ally , -lrb- the -rrb- usa , is shaken '' .
he admitted last year that he pointed laser at aircraft in burbank , california .
the 37-year-old has won three world championships and two olympic golds to date .
 northwestern university football players vote friday on whether to unionize .
samuel alito too intense ?
one of the three may be the most complete skeleton yet found .
raghad , wanted in iraq on terrorism charges , currently living in jordan .
the liaoning aircraft carrier will be able to carry 30 j-15 fighter planes , chinese media reports .
 two americans with ebola are being transported to atlanta hospital .
guns included a shotgun , an ar-15 rifle , a glock 10 mm and a sig sauer 9 mm .
joseph dominick , 21 , pleaded guilty thursday to one charge of conspiracy .'
now the library is looking for ways to make its huge tweet archive public .'
 ghana 's economy has traditionally relied on gold and cocoa .
he is married to one of bin laden 's daughters .
 twitter co-founder jack dorsey says he wants to move to new york someday , run for mayor .
 the super bowl and puppies !
 cuban catholics start building their first churches since 1959 .
 the uss kauffman 's deployment is the last for oliver hazard perry-class frigates .
silva 's goal is to eventually become a school principal .
wednesday is the 26th day authorities have been searching for flight 370 .'
his fianc\xc3\xa9e has pleaded not guilty to perjury charges .
 palestinian motorists have targeted civilians in jerusalem .
ireporter theresa kutsch : ' i pledged to run for those who no longer can '
reports .
 al noor children 's center in baghdad 's sadr city helps with food , clothing and education .
iraqi government and kurdistan regional government are at odds over control of kirkuk province .'
 report on newtown shooter adam lanza identifies `` warning signs , red flags '' .
 the exhibition house is filled with gifts from 184 countries .
 judge rules lisa jackson ca n't sue for race discrimination because she is white .
india , china , pakistan , nigeria and ethiopia had the most slaves .
the index is published by a group committed to stamping out slavery .'
10 men who had small and medium-size weapons intercepted it monday evening .
it moves now to the president for his signature .
 the attacker is also killed .
teens report feeling annoyed by frequent `` drama '' they encounter on the site .
mandela is taken to a pretoria hospital early saturday .
boehner told gop he does n't want a shutdown .
her novel , `` stone butch blues , '' inspired a generation .
 it 's been five years since cuban authorities arrested alan gross .
criteria included tech-savviness and presence of good-looking locals .'
a man calls out weiner , who is jewish , for being `` married to an arab '' .
 u.s. calls on rouhani to free all political prisoners .
carter and marion `` suge '' knight were acquaintances in rap music circles , friend says .
maine health commissioner : `` we do n't have an experience of recidivism ''
garcia : `` the american people have spoken -- they want congress to take on this issue '' .
kardashian received a 15-carat engagement ring .
her previous marriage , to kris humphries , lasted 72 days .
 human rights watch calls the ruling a `` setback to human dignity '' .
 reports surface bob levinson worked for the cia in iran when he disappeared in 2007 .
u.s. officials say they have no information on levinson 's whereabouts .
 u.s. secretary of state john kerry urges reforms in russian judicial system .
neck of the qijianglong spans half of its body length .
says that women run banks differently and have an awareness of collateral damage .
director of medical center in georgia issues apology .
 authorities search the home zimmerman shared with his girlfriend , samantha scheibe .
 laws prohibit discrimination against the 430,000 people living with hiv/aids in china .
north korea routinely threatens to strike after what it calls `` provocations ''
he was hit with what appeared to be a shot from a pellet gun .
 `` negro '' used as part of race category by new york courts .
the 2012 fbi crime data measure reported incidents of rape .
 sharper is also under probe in 5 alleged rapes in 3 other states , la police say .
 legal sea foods ceo : `` stronger safety measures must be put in place '' .
officers fired 46 bullets , hitting hall 11 times .'
`` there will be costs for any military intervention in ukraine , '' president barack obama says .
 the film crossed the $ 1 billion mark this weekend .
the `` frozen '' dvd is out on march 18 .
seizure of crimea was meant as challenge to eu , to prove european values can not defend themselves - snyder .
given the distance to the search area , the planes have only a few hours of search time .
 americans are dubious about the afghanistan war , questioning what it achieved .
the legislation must be passed by the senate before it can become law .
 libyan media : retired gen. khalifa haftar leads offensive against benghazi militants .
source says bieber was corrected by his mentor , usher .
graham faced a divided opposition in his primary bid .'
arkansas supreme court grants a stay , thus preventing more such marriages .
analysts say he is rumored to be a senior russian intelligence officer .
dozens of people return money found on street .
pavegen 's energy harvesting technology can produce up to 7 watts of electricity with each footstep .
 the gaza conflict is a proxy war for the middle east , analysts say .
 the whale is swimming around the big island , dragging a red buoy with it .
american nancy writebol 's family '' encouraged by her condition '' .
president obama says u.s. concentrating on public health approach .
bieber has had run-ins with the law in los angeles and toronto .'
the pope 's nephew , emanuel bergoglio , is in critical condition .
 the head of u.s. cyber command said china has the ability to attack the u.s. power grid .
some of the gulf states are concerned that the west blames them for isis 's rise , she says .
`` star wars : episode vii '' opens december 18 , 2015 .
paul walker was passenger .
ev-d68 worsens breathing problems for children who have asthma .
mlb approved the new caps , produced by 4licensing corporation , in january .
 `` fifty shades of grey '' has received an mpaa rating of r .
 liverpool and middlesbrough contest a record-breaking penalty shootout .
biden said erdogan told him that turkey had let too many foreign fighters through the border .
kurdish and iraqi forces battle isis for control of kobani on the syrian-turkish border .
 the word `` vape '' grew in use over last year .
oxford says it `` arose to fill '' a gap .
 fernando gonzalez is a member of the network of cuban agents .
we asked parents if they would tell their kids about their drug and alcohol use .
mosul would be attacked by iraqi and pershmerga forces , officials said .
u.s. would only provide air support , no ground troops are planned , official said .
nasa now hopes to launch orion on friday .
 diamond said he was acting to protect his girlfriend .
 cbs sportscaster calls marching band members `` dorks running around '' with instruments .
 a new poll indicates that 59 % of republicans wants mitt romney to run for president in 2016 .
china places blame on fishing boat 's crew .
 the funeral for king abdullah will be held friday .
hong kong democracy activists say they will stage mass sit-in protest .
environmentalists : pipeline a gateway to more climate change pollution .'
 the court adjourns the case for two weeks , pending the psychological reports .
tol : turkish president recep tayyip erdogan signaled a possible change in policy .'
the 25 kg statue , worth $ 5.25 million , was created from mold of messi 's foot .
new york mayor calls incident `` troubling ; '' nypd is investigating and has taken officer 's shield .
she had 1,500 jumps before thursday .
opponents of same-sex marriage say oregon abandoned citizens in court .
he is the rector of the university of the free state in bloemfontein .
 the former city manager of bell , california , will repay $ 8.8 million in restitution .
i 'm trying to play with her , '' man purported to be sterling says .
u.s. secretary of state kerry : `` there is no justification for this military coup '' .
 the couple gunned down three people in las vegas on sunday .
 ryan seacrest signed a new hosting deal with cbs .
`` i am extremely sorry that i employed him , '' pm david cameron says of ex-aide coulson .
9/11 family member : museum 's admission fee and gift shop are `` disgusting ''
 the 1-year-old boy fell after crawling through a window .
 fans wo n't be allowed to stream video on their phones at the super bowl .
 the population of sumatran elephants has decreased by 80 % since the 1930s .
 eli jacks is too young to be vaccinated ; his sister has leukemia .
 u.s. secretary of state john kerry calls on russia to end separatist support .
the victim had served in the army national guard for more than 20 years .
the prize , awarded by the european parliament , is worth about $ 67,000 .
 hong kong government condemns `` violent acts by radical protesters '' .
 2012 vp113 is a newly discovered dwarf planet .
it is located 83 times the distance between earth and the sun .'
the united states ranks below average for the 65 countries assessed .
at least 30 boys , girls kidnapped from village in borno state , local leaders say .
israeli president shimon peres welcomes the invitation , his office says .'
 john constable painting was sold in 2013 for $ 5,212 .
 jeb bush 's post-romney new hampshire calculations .
but the cia inspector general found some problems for which brennan apologized .'
 production had been stalled during negotiations .
 american patients infected with ebola are being released from the hospital .
 more than 2,600 people have been infected by ebola in west africa .
lee was wanted in connection with the killings of 5 people in georgia .
opposition says lugo trying to bring leftist agenda to military .
some teachers say it glorifies guns and that school is no place for firearms .'
 interior minister : `` they were willing to carry out an attack '' .
2 pairs of brothers arrested in spanish territory of ceuta .
the officer said brown started a physical confrontation .
 new : fec vice-chair : coordination rules are ` sadly murky ' .
an alleged sexual assault took place at the playboy mansion in 1975 .
 rolling stone told story of `` jackie , '' who alleged she was gang raped at uva .
the magazine published an apology for the story and said it had misplaced trust in jackie .
u.s. embassy vehicle shot at while at a checkpoint in sanaa ; no injuries reported .'
of course we are . ''
 benjamin netanyahu is headed for third term as israel 's prime minister .
 south sudan 's president cancels the shanghai leg of his china trip .
attacks mark increase in activity in raqqa , which isis had made its de facto capital .'
rancic commented on coleman 's hair during `` fashion police '' .
 most airport workers not subject to daily security screenings , a cnn investigation finds .
 santa monica day care shuts down because a baby who goes there has measles .
witnesses differed on whether brown charged wilson .'
francis does n't mention any militant group by name .
 police identify baseball bat as murder weapon .
maze 's third medal at beaver creek after silver in super-g and gold in downhill events .
 knight `` was being attacked and trying to get away from that attack , '' his attorney says .
 a united flight returned to chicago shortly after takeoff .
 judge rules there is credible evidence juror talked about case .
 harper lee 's new novel is `` go set a watchman '' .
 transfer of 16-year-old martin odegaard second most tweeted about in january .
 marion `` suge '' knight is being held without bail .
most tsa officers `` conduct themselves honorably , '' lawmaker says .
she was to have received an award at the grammys .
 maven wo n't land on the surface but study mars ' atmosphere from its orbit .
 signs praise governor , say `` arizona is open for business to everyone '' .
he says china 's rapid ascent as a space power has made neighbors follow suit .
death happened during an argument over loud music .
 a jeep cherokee got stuck on the tracks .
there are now 15 animals in the sanctuary , closely guarded by park rangers .
prime minister yingluck shinawatra survived a no-confidence vote in parliament .
it 'll be his first scheduled appearance in the hawkeye state .
ike weakens slightly but still an `` extremely dangerous '' category 4 hurricane .
 officer 's testimony helps him , but `` he is not out of the woods yet , '' analyst says .
a leading activist finds account of officer 's testimony `` so hard to believe '' .
some girls managed to escape when abductors ' vehicles broke down .
 kurdish peshmerga forces have wrested control of kobani away from isis .
 rio de janeiro set to host 2016 games .
 amal alamuddin has reportedly snagged george clooney .
officials want to interview all 132 passengers on her flight .
biden to ministers : `` this is not your father 's republican party '' .
 belize : passenger with ebola link not let in `` out of preponderance of caution '' .
students and faculty had been reeling from a student 's suicide days before .
oil smuggling is n't the only way it generates revenue .
mayday call came from transasia airways flight ge235 , a recording appears to reveal .
former secretary of state hillary clinton has repeatedly won the list for women .'
gop surrogates took to the sunday shows to cheer their poll results .
 bonfires burn in the streets of keene , new hampshire .
 jordan executes sajida al-rishawi and ziad karboul .
 strongest typhoon of 2014 headed towards japan .
new york gov.
and with the economy gaining , obama said he 'll look to focus on `` long-term projects '' in the next year .
there were no injuries , police said .
host anthony toth admits he 's obsessed with the airline .
`` i thought something 's wrong with the engine , '' a survivor says from his hospital bed .
nishikori was trying to become the first asian man to win a major .
 u.s. considering sending arms to ukraine .
authorities are also concerned about threats emanating from yemen , an official says .
 harith bin ghazi al-nadhari was senior cleric for al qaeda in the arabian peninsula .
 two cases of measles confirmed at chicago-area day care center .
the newspaper published a list of compromised weapons .
of the more than 4,000 dogs who served in vietnam , only about 200 came home .
 six officers arrested were members of the philadelphia pd 's narcotics field unit .
 cnn 's football fanzone picks 11 of the world 's best strikers .
north korea has also made some diplomatic overtures in recent days .
 more than 100 languages are spoken in lonely planet 's top u.s. spot for 2015 .
she said empowering girls and women is vital for peace and security .
she likens myanmar 's plight to south african apartheid .
she put her trademark flowers in her hair , a gesture of defiance .
sheikh shawky ibrahim abdel-karim allam leads the premier authority in islamic legal interpretations .'
the boys were at a sleepover at savoie 's apartment above the pet store .
patients may be at risk to contract hepatitis and hiv .
 beyonce , nominated for six grammys , is most-nominated female artist ever .
xiomara castro has also declared victory and plans to speak about the results friday .
southwest 's rewards program is now more competitive with those of the legacy carriers .
the case provoked outrage and soul-searching in china .
she was imprisoned for signing a gas deal with russia .
 hundreds observe moment of silence in kiev 's independence square .
he is freed tuesday night days after court overturns his murder conviction .
portman was a `` lovely kisser , '' kunis said .
 surveillance video of a police beating reveals officers falsified their report .
are you gay ?
 source : bobbi kristina brown has injuries that still need to be explained .
both jared leto and matthew mcconaughey were recognized with `` dallas buyers club ''
 apartheid was more than racial segregation .
india is competing with china for influence in myanmar say experts .
protests are planned this weekend in ferguson , st. louis .'
obama scores large majority of first-time voters .
 spc.
unidentified gunmen seize buildings in the eastern ukraine town of slaviansk .
 ukrainian , russian , us and eu ministers will meet next week .
a previous announcement about b-52 flights over south korea angered the north .
authorities place her on `` suicide protocol '' after the tv interview .
browne wrote 2 months ago : `` if you are afraid to die , you will not fully live ''
an ex-president and former vice president are among the attendees .
the document was discovered by chance in council archives .
 ainu museum is a re-creation of an outdoor village of japan 's indigenous people .
 argentine prosecutor alberto nisman dies mysteriously while investigating 1994 attack .
 a judge rules jared loughner can continue his medical treatment until june .
peterson was convicted in 2012 of murdering his ex-wife .
 north korea tests anti-ship missile it says was developed in the country .
 the gunfire was reported in a suburb of marseille in southern france .
 casey kasem had a progressive dementia , had been hospitalized for weeks .
 new eco-surfboard made with over 50 percent renewable materials .
art found in caves in bamiyan , central afghanistan .
 aaron hernandez is on trial in the death of odin lloyd .
 jesse matthew jr. is charged with first-degree murder , a prosecutor says .
 spadena house in beverly hills is universally called the witch 's house .
among the items : the camera that recorded armstrong 's moonwalk .
the 26-year-old pole lost control of his car on a bend and was airlifted to hospital .
she says woody allen sexually assaulted her in 1992 , when she was 7 .
the children 's books were made into a popular tv series on pbs .
 michael turner is charged with dui , speeding on interstate 85 near atlanta .
influenced by abstract expressionism , paintings include self-portraits of stallone as rambo .
 joni mitchell told new york magazine she 's experienced being a black man .
other defendants are sentenced to more than 18 years and seven years .'
 modern johannesburg was born 130 years ago , after gold was discovered .
the renovated hotel will have 330 guest rooms .'
 dubai miracle garden boasts around 45 million flowers in bloom .
judges find him guilty of manslaughter and abandoning ship .
united signed a world-record $ 559 million sponsorship deal with gm in july .
friday 's search is focused on a smaller area .
 trials of james holmes and eddie routh will invoke insanity defense .
prosecutors charged the officer involved with second-degree manslaughter , other counts .
 the 2022 world cup is set to be held in november/december in qatar .
advocate : consumption in plastic growing , but not infrastructure .'
 natural hair movement nappys de babi is growing in ivory coast .
fia published 396-page report into accident wednesday .
sen. john mccain issues statement supporting facility 's closure .
brown family says it wants `` positive '' change .
dutt began wrestling in traditional mud pits when he was eight .
 jenna nielsen was eight months pregnant when she was stabbed to death .
christianity has a rich history in syria , where jesus was baptized .
the train derailed early friday in southern india 's karnataka state .
 100-carat emerald-cut diamond is flawless , sotheby 's says .
morsi was sworn in before egypt 's constitutional court .
`` we need a revolution of the self , a revolution of consciousness , '' he says .
`` hitori date '' shows how to taking selfies with a make-believe girlfriend .
gerrard has played nearly 700 times for liverpool .
 charles `` chase '' merritt appears in court .
karen pearce , a hair stylist , was found fatally shot behind a building saturday .
 stephen colbert 's final show aired thursday .
the ftc says lead researcher altered the results .
 alistair campbell managed the british government 's case for war in iraq .
 under the deal , the u.s. will cut carbon emissions by more than 25 % by 2025 .
napoleon 's digs are on view at ch\xc3\xa2teau de fontainebleau .
hong kong chief executive responds : `` take care of your health '' .
most of moscow 's gay population lives in secret and city has few gay clubs .
the boy died from a gunshot wound to his torso , the medical examiner says .'
leader of democrat party since 2005 , now leads coalition government .
several devices found in south carolina school after shooting .
the jury tries to decide whether a crime was committed .'
 sochi hotel rooms doubled to 50,000 for the olympics .
more than 27,000 people have been reported injured , a government agency says .
 jackie robinson team is stripped of its title for violating residency rules .
 police : 32-year-old man is arrested on suspicion of being a member or supporter of isis .
 former first lady once said there had been too many bushes in the white house .
 the tony elumelu foundation entrepreneurship program plans to support 10,000 entrepreneurs throughout africa .
deaths of hundreds of dolphins `` not caused by any human activity , '' official says .
 5 teens in custody ; one says attack not anti-semitic , prosecutor says .
shabaks are an ethnic minority who are 65 % shiite and 35 % sunni .'
islamist militias in the city say the bombings killed women and children .
a new foreword will be added to book `` escape from camp 14 ''
the threat from the khorasan group was not imminent , a u.s. official says .
 suspect is a spanish national .
the arrest took place at malaga airport .
islamic state of iraq and syria -lrb- isis -rrb- aims to impose a strict islamist ideology .
 the westminster dog show debuted in 1877 .
video posted by tmz sports shows incident inside atlantic city elevator in february .
 rebel group said it wo n't target election centers so it can avoid civilian casualties .
schumacher agent : `` michael is still in the wake-up phase '' .
isis vows retribution for killing of 50 of its fighters in iraq .
mosque gunmen were militiamen , sunni lawmaker says .
sunni lawmakers pull out of government negotiations over killings .'
a federal jury considered 11 terrorism-related counts against abu hamza al-masri .
rocket the shih tzu will compete for best in show tuesday night .'
 opposition leader loses appeal against sodomy conviction , jailed for five years .
violence erupts in debaltseve ; separatists say they have 60 ukrainian prisoners of war .
1 target on the list is abu bakr al-baghdadi , a senior u.s. official says .
kurdish-isis fighting has triggered violence between factions in turkey .'
mccain converted to islam years ago ; family saw facebook posts sympathetic to isis .
 boy shoots two kneeling men in back of head in new propaganda isis video .
he is charged with aggravated assault , reckless endangerment , other charges .
hernandez is on trial for murder of lloyd and has pleaded not guilty .
bundy has been in a dispute over grazing fees he owes to the federal government .
 venezuelan president nicolas maduro says the mayor of caracas will be prosecuted .
 cameroon and chadian forces fight boko haram militants across the border area with nigeria .
grief counselors visit school where alex , jacqueline berman were musicians .
thailand and cambodian government meet to discuss issue .
witnesses say flaming debris spread the fire to other floors .
 `` we are not mad at you , we love you , '' missing girl 's family says .
minneapolis officer `` just happened to be the one who was there , '' police chief says .
 kurt busch 's second appeal was denied by a nascar official on saturday night .
139 people listed as `` muslim-american terrorism offenders '' since 9/11 .
federer faces milos raonic in sunday 's final .
 follow-up to the 2010 hit comedy stars adam scott , rob corddry and craig robinson .'
one pilot ejected ; the other landed with a damaged wing .'
president bashar al-assad received 88.7 % of tuesday 's presidential vote , state tv says .
 president mahmoud ahmadinejad wins ballot with 62.63 percent of the vote .
the man left the radical terror group two weeks ago .
 bashar al-assad has been president of syria since 2000 .
 `` birdman '' picks up seven golden globe nominations .
china said it still wants to see a political solution in syria .'
 in the letter , she says she would like to talk to al baghdadi .
the lines revealed heat , european scientists say .
a texas nurse contracts ebola from a patient .
the ivory coast football federation tweeted a picture of bony holding a city shirt .'
obama says comments made by jim gruber are `` no reflection on the actual process that was run '' .
 slain american teacher is remembered for compassion and dedication .
the malaysia airlines boeing 777 's last position was `` in the middle of the indian ocean , west of perth '' .
affleck : maher and harris are conflating fundamentalists with majority .
 sen. john mccain insists sen. rand paul is an isolationist .
mccain : paul has been `` doing somersaults '' after isis beheadings of westerners .
 airbus ceo fabrice bregier says the company has learned from the troubled a350 launch .
israeli pm benjamin netanyahu says israel wo n't take part in negotiations backed by hamas .
she was found unresponsive in a bathtub at her home in roswell , georgia .'
 alaska joins colorado , washington state in legalizing marijuana use .
 state media : a massive fire destroyed 6,000 stalls in la terminal market .
the fire broke out in guatemala city around 2:30 a.m.  firefighters struggled to battle the blaze due to a shortage of water in the area .'
pepper is designed to make people feel better .
abu ibrahim al-raqqawi describes forced marriages and blood donations .
 drones are seen for a second night in paris .
 gunmen and a suicide bomber attack a mosque in peshawar , police say .
 sold !
title favorites algeria defeat south africa 3-1 .'
it 's unclear what will happen to the girl , who 's now with a greek children 's charity .
one or both of the kouachi brothers are believed to have had contact with aqap in yemen .'
 ruben navarrette : i 'm against child abuse .
who is n't ?
the new york post 's cover featured the headline `` who did n't want him dead ? ''
 3 secret service agents are disciplined over an incident in the dutch capital of amsterdam .
women make 78 cents for every dollar a man makes , according to the latest numbers .
avastin is manufactured by roche and marketed by genentech .
`` quenelle '' popularized by controversial french comedian dieudonne m'bala m'bala .
 report : google is working on a video-game console .
militants kidnapped some 276 girls in april and are believe to be holding some 200 of them .
ran 2012 olympic marathon as an independent athlete .
costa rica says nicaraguan troops are in its territory .
 rachel atherton is a double world champion in downhill mountain biking .
russian planes were last intercepted off california in 2012 .
 jimmy nelson photographed 35 tribes all over the world for book '' ` before they pass away '' .
the nation is battling unrest years after the 1998-2003 war formally ended .
electric zoo promoters agreed to city 's recommendation that the festival be canceled .
man carrying rifle : `` i think that people need to get out and do it more ''
a senator had asked the nsa to detail any abuse of its systems .'
 martin 's parents join scores to remember their son at a miramar , florida , event .
bundy says his family 's cattle has grazed on the land since the 1800s .
 israel hernandez died after police shocked him with a taser .
frazier glenn cross called `` perennial but peripheral figure '' in white supremacy movement .
a case of 80 goblets is brought to their annual reunions .
 `` peace is our ultimate goal , '' president omar al-bashir says .
in 2010 , a pakistani court sentenced christian woman asia bibi to death for blasphemy .
 general stonewall jackson was shot at the battle of chancellorsville .
historian douglas brinkley : `` it happens all the time in politics ''
englishman abraham , 40 , will need to average more than 200 miles per day .'
couple allegedly had sex for 30 minutes in front of kids .
animal travelled from south dakota to connecticut but died on highway .
dropped in six months from 36lbs to less than 30lbs .
owners wanted him euthanized but he 's getting better .
 pakistan tightens travel rules for foreign diplomats .
reportedly spoke about thomas wilson in florida bar .
stock markets plunge while bond yields on debt soar .'
eight suicide bombers and gunmen attacked hotel .'
of up to # 15 are made by waving device against a reader in-store .'
locked in battle with nba commissioner david stern .
 flight from scotland to alaska grounded at philadelphia .
angry after son kelly thomas was ` beaten up by cops '
 carly lewis had been missing since june 2 .
 shocking pictures show jeffs kissing two child brides .
 1916 british sopwith camel fighter plane on manhattan rooftop .
 department store wants to reduce customer theft .
37 people were injured in wisconsin 's burnett county , 3 critically .
only one other polar bear killed in 15 years on svalbard .'
 court-ordered psychiatric evaluation fills in blanks about levi aron 's life .
 doctor boasted of being selected for the job by buckingham palace .'
 government set to introduce ` solidarity tax ' on richest .
 police : our robust tactics were not a result of political interference .
it is written in french and shows how they cracked german ink code .'
1,900-acre north dakota ranch was established in 1893 .'
opposition ` very worried ' about cuts to policing budget .
david cay johnston 's full retraction can be read by clicking here .
german index plummets by 5.8 per cent .
he met trina grimes scott , 32 , during prison term .
firm said it was caused by a human driver at controls .
sentenced to three years each for illegal entry into iran and five years each for spying for u.s.'
 nathan phipps jailed after running down di and then reversing over him .
 charity criticised for ` unfounded ' green belt claims .
are due to fly from the uk 's airports .
as revellers arrive , reading festival organisers pump water from the site .
 kiran mir was playing with ball at the family home when tragedy struck .
lastorino has brother and father in mob , but acted alone .
 republican senator john mcgee locked up at 4.30 am .
 polls show 69 per cent wanted him to go .
 mccain said he was only repeating information from officials .
 william craig miller , 34 , committed murders in arizona .
palin aides unhappy about o'donnell attending rally .
former u.s. senate candidate backed last year by palin .
 groupme runs app for group messaging and calls .
casey 's mother and father leave court in tears .
emergency oil reserves opened to relieve shortages .
 judge said pc edward prince was guilty of ` gross abuse of power '
had idea for partisan channel in 1970 , documents show .
police investigate threats against casey 's parents .
 school playgrounds becoming ` joyless ' , hse warns .
 source : maid knew who the former imf chief was .
neighbours rushed to help but beaten back by flames .
 charges for internet on smartphone or tablet in eu more than halved .
european stocks fall - dax & cac down five per cent .'
 katia may be a ` major ' hurricane later today .
potential threat to u.s. east coast still uncertain .
bride would have been fourth generation to marry in church .
anthony family offered $ 1million for showdown on jerry springer show .
he wants to attract tories angry with the pm 's policies on the eu .
36 members of lokomotiv yaroslavl killed in plane crash on banks of river volga .
wants to spend winnings on them and a new house .'
biggest variations in mouth , larynx and hypopharynx .
her body was found by her mother .
 harjinder singh bhurji , 32 , bled to death after being stabbed in the chest .
 marineland defying judge 's order to return two-tonne whale to seaworld .
thousands more graduates out of work compared to before the recession .'
 friends and family have raised thousands of pounds to adapt nicola 's home .
 casey ` plans to write a book ' according to letters .
casey writes she ` wants to give money to charity '
30-year-old ant was covered in black and white stripes .
attacker benjamin owen , 27 , jailed for five years .
 josie connors will appear in court again along with five men in december .'
gang captured after a 20-mile , 100mph chase on colorado highway .
 peter jones faces fresh probe into academy now run by girlfriend 's father .
 13 sailors died in 1804 after explosives ship blew up .
pope benedict xvi also called for an ` ethical renewal ' in italy .
discovered in undersea cave beneath pacific ocean .'
 california tech giant recruits republican operatives .
 incident happened by issaquah high school in seattle .
 arthur gerald jones ` tormented by gambling debts ' .
 kudrin said he would n't work with him if he became pm .
vandalism and robberies reported at san diego-area homes and businesses .
stabbing happened on broadwater farm , tottenham .'
 dale and shannon hickman found guilty on thursday .
 emma is one of only 200 in the world to suffer from the condition .
 boris berezovsky claims he was ` intimidated ' into selling shares at fraction of value .
 paul mcbride , 39 , suffocated six-month-old son ollie .
church memorial on friday before saturday funeral in hometown savannah .
 first lady promoted let 's move campaign .
captured on video by tourists in hetch hetchy valley .
 dna evidence links killing to different man quarter of a century on .
cardiff , dublin , edinburgh and belfast also fare badly .
 he joins ex-news of world campaigner sara payne .
 ` i 've had it !
 facility is first of its kind in the uk .
watchdog describes merseyside police 's reaction as ` inadequate ' .
 aamir siddiqi stabbed in front of his parents .
 mauro chialli said he was never convinced by the ` conjecture '
 lisa traves attacked her 61-year-old mother with a 12.5 cm long kitchen knife in a ` moment of madness '
apple lawsuits attack samsung touchscreens .
 incident sparks facebook campaign calling for boycott .
he gave chest compressions when jackson still had a pulse .
 chief brian cummings apologizes and sentences himself to 120 hours of community service .'
police officer and dog unit dispatched to find them .
 wigs , moustaches and hats are used to hide the identity of martin joseph reilly and his distinctive scars .
average 2010 wage in nyc securities industry : $ 361,330 .
 artefact brought to holy cross abbey 900 years ago .
ryan guest , 24 , fell 300ft to his death .'
they noticed bottle lid had come off and pills spilled out .
paedophile grabbed teenager outside the gates of her school .
missouri governor deploys national guard to help with the search .
 more than 10,000 children will see 5ft x 10ft adverts .
private investigator reveals $ 100,000 reward for her return or a conviction .
stationary train had 137 passengers and moving train had eight on board .
between 1984-88 he was a member of london greenpeace and attended protests .
hundreds arrested across america after weekend of demonstrations .
star played terry sullivan in soap for 14 years .
 wayne bishop was freed in may after serving a month of his eight-month sentence .'
 mean girls star taken into custody after hearing .
maryland presenter involved on occupy d.c. committee .
 tourists from around the world are regular visitors at new york camp .
americans said that independence was a ` natural law ' movement and had been repeated across the world .
six surviving animals doing well , according to zoo officials .'
beat teenager 's bottom and legs with willow branches .
elizabeth cambage amuses the queen and prince philip .
 joe hashman claims he was axed after being a witness in two hunting prosecutions .
chairwoman of southampton cycling campaign had not got round to replacing helmet .
 father-of-three now suing site under human rights laws .
 sorita shone underwent emergency surgery .
 brandon rice sustained chemical burns to his lungs .'
she says : ` i 've been haunted by his fame for the past 20 years '
 church deacon graeme dust had started an affair .
she had a nail in her head and had been strangled .
 hopes to raise $ 600 million in tax revenue for florida .
 beech king air 100 crashed in street near vancouver international airport .
the man allegedly in the cubicle with them was released without charge .
thomas cook airlines found guilty and fined # 6,500 .
baby david born premature with underdeveloped lungs .'
 bernie madoff finally admits from prison he and ruth attempted suicide .
girls will not switch back to biological families .
 russia and china warn america against iran strike .
four other protestors were arrested in the sunday night rally .
occupy '
 ikrom yakubov faces deportation over forged portuguese id .'
 bob ruthman revived by paramedics in new york .'
 prime minister warns that interest rates would rise if markets lost confidence in britain .
 papandreou officially steps down .
perry says foreign aid will start at ` zero dollars ' if elected for international pressure .
 5.7-magnitude quake hits south of van , eastern turkey .
miss anthony acquitted in july of daughter 's murder .
reservoirs .'
stickers of big-brand logos were codes to identify owners .
 don peters has had his coaching privileges permanently revoked .
 john stone carried out daring mission to examine deadly german booby-traps .
blatter says his comments have been ` misunderstood ' and is committed to fight against racism .
 lauren pierce posted twitter comments hours after arrest over white house ` gunfire ' incident .
 californian biotech company geron pulls out after treating just four patients .'
she said : ' i do n't think the .
 he kills daughter sabrina and ex-girlfriend veronica .
 nurse roger dean , 35 , charged over deaths .
 fascinating newsweek interview with john matthews .
her niece died on monday .
 victim on holiday in mauritius when he saw burglary taking place in melbourne .
head .
 sonya ` the black widow ' thomas collects $ 1,581 first prize .
 ex-prisoner claimed to be associated with anders behring breivik .
seattle plans wal-mart protest and washington will offer donations market .
 zimbabwean tyrant has previously compared homosexuals to animals .
 new guidelines say women with fear or anxiety will be eligible for a caesarean .
 debbie garlick saw adrian prout in prison moments before police found body of murdered spouse .'
directors proclaim ` deepest admiration ' for protesters .
daughter cailin , 18 , making ` gradual recovery ' in hospital .
 vets gave zac a 50/50 chance of survival after discovering he had swallowed five golf balls .
pakistan army demanded the attack should cease - but it continued .
 saif al-islam still captive in zintan .
 the muppet .
largest monthly price declines in atlanta , san francisco and tampa .
charity workers desperately trying to find suit in iowa .
protest at ` grand bazaar ' level set in real landmark .
also reads every google search .
ke'onte , 12 , testifies to congress he was drugged into a stupor as a foster child .
 police urge barry morrow , 51 , to make contact .
connects to phone via bluetooth to monitor finances .
 he forecast landing on 50th anniversary of the october revolution in interview with friend sir patrick moore .
 dr hosseinkhani also allegedly took $ 10,000 of scientific materials .
 incident happened five days after joe frazier funeral .
former nhl buffalo sabres player failed sobriety tests .'
21-year-old was also ` driving with a revoked licence ' .
crash happened in north carolina at up to 40mph .
 felicia williamson lane went missing on november 26 .
police tell shoppers to inspect everything bought there .'
paula chase died of scleroderma disease two years ago .
yahoo has so far refused to close down her account .
 michelle patterson parked in the drive but the brakes failed as they cooled .
 samsung ` free to sell ' galaxy devices in america .
 mexican government claims to have broken plot to smuggle gaddafi 's son 's family .
united and city 's europa league games will be on channel 5 , itv4 and espn .
 laurent gbagbo faces charges of crimes against humanity , including murder and rape .
 apple 's new handset in second place .
oxford street and regent street traders to rake in # 180m from today alone .
subscription of # 6.99 a month .
 black unemployment levels at 16.7 per cent - a 27-year high .
paramedic said jackson was so thin his ribs were sticking out .
 sapper elijah bond , 24 , died in birmingham two days after attack in helmand .
` he gave his life to improve the lives of others ' , says commanding officer .
woman , 23 , charged with her murder .'
student 's father calls for passenger who threw him off to face assault charges .
 silent movie the artists follows closely behind with three nominations .
i should n't be doing what i 'm doing '
 17-month-old gabriel leblonk was shot while in his mother 's arms .
 hundreds more hospitalised in villages near kolkata , india .
victim number four said : ' i ca n't believe they put us through this ' .
victim number four said : ' i ca n't believe they put us through this ' .
the 28-year-old was talking to prince harry at the time .
 resistant strain of e.coli found in some cases of urinary tract infections .'
 katie ca n't have a bath , go swimming , or even go out in the rain .
forestry commission is expecting a backlash from the boars ' fans .
 brent council plans to shut down six libraries in north london .
feltham young offenders ' institute took on 60 inmates in a week - the normal amount it takes in over a month .
 espn college football analyst , 50 , is in process of dropping off official candidate papers in austin .'
 latest in a string of cyber attacks blamed on china .
new doubts on whether he actually committed suicide .
ferrero , 55 , had history of sleepwalking , friend says .'
new ` bb10 ' smartphones to be delayed until ` late 2012 '
 sami samir hassoun , 23 , caught in fbi sting .
to change plea to guilty in february , says attorney .'
 dad newton mcpherson was married for three years .
apple , microsoft and oracle are already suing android .'
crucial background to help physicists hunt for higgs .
 charles and camilla 's names found in mulcaire dossier .
dr alex lipowich helped deliver both in adjacent rooms .'
britain has its third mildest christmas day ever .'
 speaking works like a ` search ' function for shows .
 opposition leader boris nemtsov had his phone tapped .
 nicole brown simpson killed in los angeles in 1994 .
nicole 's sister denise works against domestic violence .
 daughter toni - now living as alex - gave birth to a girl .
 cyber weapons designed to attack industrial plants .
 body of ruby love , 23 , found by member of the public .
discovery made in grand union canal in southall .'
 duke of palma , inaki urdangarin , accused of misusing public funds .'
trista reynolds conflicted about his knowledge of their daughter 's disappearance .
 alexandra pelosi says her mother would leave if the donors she has ` did n't want her so badly ' .
 militant islamist group boko haram blamed .
witness doubts police car actually had its sirens on .
warner faces man-slaughter charges after the death today .
 george w. bush only left white house three years ago .
 martin reisch showed documents on apple device .
perry labels romney ` conservative of convenience ' ; gingrich calls him ` liar ' .
 predatory american crayfish take over river in enfield .
school claims parents have responsibility for providing medication .
bachmann was defiant after results came in and danced with husband .
police are probing relationship between reeves and ms reis .
 terrai mutasa treated allyson childs with ` contempt ' during her ordeal .
mother and sister lay pink and white roses on her casket .
 williams used padded underwear for fuller shape .
 kathryn felt lump when applying beauty product .
 programme includes f-word and talk about oral sex .
 logan matthew kushner smoked synthetic marijuana shortly before death .'
 angela hill claims she was kidnapped ... ` in a way ' .
 paul gilkey , 63 , was under ' a lot of pressure ' caring for his wife who was dying of cancer .
four top lieutenants captured in early-morning raid .
 ramnit ` worm ' has stolen log-in details from users .
criminals could also use details to steal email passwords .
sifting first ` hits ' - and now know what to look for .
some hope for jenna , 18 , as she has some feeling in upper body .
nick clegg launches personal attack on mr salmond .
cyber criminals use your debit card details to drain your account .
 roger anderson 's car slid into water off icy canyon road in logan , utah .
 new jersey governor sat down with oprah winfrey to talk love , politics and weight issues .
mother administers dose 20 times higher than recommended .
two groups played either brain age or tetris for equal periods .
 don lorenzo was beaten after police were called to his house by his daughter .
 italian poll reveals 65 % though introduction of euro had damaged the country .
 sarah midwinter , a donor of 30 .
she kept death concealed and pretended declan was at nursery .
judge called killer a ` violent predator and sociopath '
google handsets far ahead of iphone .'
 dr ruth coppard has featured as an expert on radio 4 show woman 's hour .
 pga golfer steve thomas , 55 , among those held .
 betty yates was battered with her own walking stick then stabbed .
 ex-liverpool striker ploughed # 20,000 into investment fund .
 pontefract hospital has struggled to recruit middle-management doctors .
 caravans park on site next to illegal essex settlement .
 john anslow , 31 , sprung from prison van by masked gang at 8.20 am .
started restrictive diet after lessons on healthy eating .
ministry of justice says allowing prisoners to have the pets provides them with an interest .'
 incident happened on flight from brazil to miami .
 rotten corpse lodged in duct of french bank .
 mayor signs law to safeguard against stds .
mep warns the disruption could affect the olympics .
 trio allegedly attacked joshua merritt , 17 , over his relationship with white girl .'
 website attacks and street protests over eu piracy agreement .
 policy director for europe found flouting firm 's ban on using ` multiple identities ' .
 only captains forced to shake hands before cup clash .
juan mata penalty puts chelsea through to next round .'
 judith iles found at the bottom of a quarry by her son .
 drakelow tunnels were constructed in ww2 but became cold war hideouts .
 pentagon to reduce the size of u.s. army under new budget proposal .
shifting focus to special ops forces and cybersecurity .'
 apple unveils ibooks author ` creation kit ' .
can add pictures , video , 3d .
 paul mccartney makes hacking complaint to police .
his mother rosemarie and his sister had tried to stop him as he jumped .
home .
new dna evidence ` links him to killing '
mr hill and mr tarantino had once been friends and over the years had coupled up with each other 's wives .
driver eventually lost control and crashed into home but fled scene .'
the couple , married 40 years , were bludgeoned to death with a hammer .
 15,000 a year will lose out under justice secretary ken clarke 's changes .
 fiery celebrity chef declared war on father-in-law .
 tottenham hotspur manager denies ` desperately ' trying to cover up allegations that .
 coalition set aside # 28million to expand services .
 doctors baffled by declan hayton 's symptoms .
find doubles the number of confirmed kepler planets .
crashed in lancair ; aircraft of this type being investigated by authorities .
she recorded sounds of alleged sex sessions which will be played to panel as evidence .
thompson , 13 .
 brian cashman 's wife mary said the marriage had broken down ` irretrievably ' .
 students and teachers thought to have been on board mv rabaul queen .
around 230 rescued from the sea so far after sinking .
former fa chief : capello may have breached his contract .
 desert island discs presenter attacks tv bosses for obsession with younger women .'
 france and germany tell greece it has to ` take responsibility ' .
nfl blames nbc for ` failure in delay system '
 thomas cook flight .
military atheist group kicked up fuss about reference .
tim crawford , teri christoph and suzanne h. terrell .
 brigadier general terence hildner , 49 , is thought to have died of natural causes .'
1,000 officers dedicated to tackling gang crime , they announce today .
apple refunds money but says incidents are ` isolated '
 wayne morgan , 37 , is an ex-serviceman trained in survival skills .
 phones will share code with windows 8 computers .
 body of california girl melissa joy dietzel , 22 , found in sydney last month .
obama affirms commitment to protecting arts and humanities as president .'
council refused to reduce speed limit to 30mph .
witnesses had seen hedrick leave the woods with a shovel .
went to tyrirk harris 's home in tacony , pennsylvania .
 florida mother paula barker arrested on tuesday .
 sergio gonzales struck by t-mobile mast in texas .
branch sliced through car windscreen on monday .'
businessman ` had a manic episode ' and spent $ 1.6 m on soap .
` beaten , starved and even forced to eat own faeces and drink own urine ' .
 former raf police officer derek chartres ` performed sex acts with wife in front of schoolgirl ' .
alleged offences took place between 1982 and 1984 .
chrome soars from 15.68 per cent to 27.27 per cent .
users threatened with 10 years in jail and unlimited fine .'
 stella english lashed out at the tycoon after he failed to renew her # 100,000-per-year contract .
 permanent secretary dame helen ghosh serves tea to high-performing staff .
arrest came after officers were tipped off by a member of the public .
comes as fbi removes hundreds of training documents that stereotyped muslims , including calling the prophet muhammad a ` cult leader ' .
 fears of a middle east arms race if rogue state develops nuclear weapons .
seven people killed and 58 injured in indiana tragedy .
magazine .'
66 per cent of six-year-olds aware of site .
father jamie warner , 30 , thought she was just looking out of the window .
 jessica mae hardin is now under guard in hospital .
michelle barish rejected author rushdie 's request .
 she begged her twin sister for money to fly to switzerland .
clementi committed suicide after video was posted in 2010 .
asian american journalists association publishes lin reporting guidelines .
several new drugs have been blocked by nice , says academic .
he frittered away # 800,000 on ` houses , cars , and diamonds ' .
 boy was ` trying to run away ' when he took gun to school in washington .
 alleged victim nafissatou diallo has complained of a ` sadistic .
number of years , unless the two parties ` come to an agreement ' , said a .
 jacinta received her kidney from an anonymous male donor .
miss fuller and jeff rice , an american tv producer , were stricken by cocaine they took that was laced with ` fatal additives ' .
most went to british columbia hospital and released .
just 9 per cent of london 2012 memorabilia is being made in the uk .'
matt kenseth won race that was delayed several times .
police name 24-year-old man as person of interest .
fireman last seen on february 16 / / daniel porter , 24 , charged with murder .
 amazing story of troy james knapp who has ` roamed utah wilderness ' .
 george robert fout taught computer skills in florida .
 ernest burch was in court for domestic violence charges against girlfriend .
i have to say , i am getting a little pleasure watching him run to the press , squirming and lying in desperation ' hart tweeted .
 kenneth konias jr , 22 , a garda cash logistics guard , allegedly killed his partner michael haines .
 dr barbara longley , 60 , walked free from hove crown court with a suspended 12-month sentence .
quicktrim is not approved by fda so is not officially safe or effective .
now he can run , jump and swim , just like his old self .'
 zozulica set to take over from vuvuzela as the sound of football .
known for three-week marriage to jessica sklar who left him for jerry seinfeld after the two met at the gym .'
 stephanie decker , 36 , threw herself over her children as home collapsed .
 nearly 700 sex offenders missing for more than a year .
judge said the 52-year-old had ` lied and lied and lied '
 police were alerted by a man in florida who said he saw the shooting discussed online .
officers found the 19-year-old shot dead in his bedroom .
 gunman opened fire outside pittsburgh clinic on thursday afternoon .
 tenants will be invited to go on basic diy courses .'
vowed to ` call time ' on wealthy who avoid paying levies by employing accountants to find loopholes .
glenn mulcaire to sue news international .
 the artist gets 12 nominations , while tinker , tailor , soldier , spy receives 11 .'
spoke to new york times in unauthorised interview .
was not allowed back home because it was unsafe and unsanitary .
 pakistan does not say why marc grossman can not enter the country .
smith join 581 people who turned out to search for the teen on saturday .
he was told to go to a local station .
english game targeted by match-fixers amid claims ` nobody monitors them '
but 16-year-old ashlei was too ill to fly on the plane so was not in the crash .
antonio lacertosa , 27 , was engaged to bridgette schneider , 24 , when stabbed on march 17 .'
he 's charged with stabbing tricia pacaccio , 18 , in 1993 ; ashley ellerin , 22 , in 2001 ; and maria bruno , 32 , in 2005 .
 gang of 14 operated between la and baltimore .
kingpin ricky brascom jailed for ten years .
today he received two years and eight months jail time .'
gang member known as ` el ponchis ' - the cloaked one .
unmanned cargo flight to deliver supplies to space station .
 leiby kletzy of brooklyn killed in july .
but he died just 20 days later , so britain cut contact .
he was held on suspicion of intimidating a witness - thought to be mr lewis .
 president obama shares a pint with irish cousin in washington bar .
 thatcher and reagan remembered for partnership in cold war .
friends claim exhausted cheryl is ` taking a break '
notw followed officers tracking a suspect in the murder probe .'
 larry matthew puckett , 35 , sexually assaulted 28-year-old mother of two rhonda hatten griffis .
four people arrested by police after horrific basement found in philadelphia .
the 59-year-old is accused of six killings in the 1990s .
number of agencies has risen from just three in 1990 to 52 today .
 caleb linn ` ran after older boys and has n't been seen since ' .
 top shop owner blames 40 per cent fall in profits on warm autumn weather .
25.8 m children and adults in the u.s. - 8.3 per cent of the population - now have diabetes .
 heather mayo 's call to police backfired spectacularly .
mayo now in jail over february death of jeannie fisher .
 petrochina surpases exxon oil production by 100,000 barrels .
no limits on intake of students achieving aab or better .'
 zack thompson finally withdrew the sleepwalking defence after it was successfully challenged .
national uproar over fact gunman george zimmerman never arrested .
 more than 13,000 u.s. infants were affected by opiate drug withdrawal in 2009 .
 david adams , 65 , sentenced to 18 months in jail .'
osborne unveils measures with personal jibe at ` wallace lookalike ' ed miliband .
proton beams target tumours with minimal damage to surrounding tissue .
turkish government sent written demand in january .'
found two guns buried in the back yard .'
arsonists had targeted the home peter and sylvia cox four times .
 miriah cobbs , 4 , found unresponsive in westchester apartment closet .
he is known best for being married to jessica sklar for three weeks before she dumped him for comedian jerry seinfeld .'
 ed richards confirms candidacy for director general position .
 seattle considering legislation to make it illegal to ask a breastfeeding mother to leave or cover up .'
nearly half of women surveyed believe they will not have enough income for a comfortable retirement , compared with 40 per cent of men .'
dana culpepper heard moans from makeshift morgue at health centre .
found glynis alive inside the bag - and she survived .'
 six crash victims all in the same honda accord were from one family .
 former police chief was investigated over relationships with criminals .
baird will be building his own cabin from lumber delivered to the island this month .
 rett syndrome affects one in 10,000 girls .
in reality , the samsung device is far narrower than the ipad .'
 sonia mcclean , 56 , and malcolm alleyne , 57 , together for 5 years .
 27-year-old 's whiskers a highlight of rugby world cup .
 debbie mcknight veered off road on christmas day .
mother-of-two cultivated 32 cannabis plants in bristol .
 sarwari ashraf , 62 , was killed instantly by the impact of the crash .
 louise lewis , 36 , could see two ambulances from her living room window .
mother-of-two was too weak to walk as she was suffering a heart attack .
 chancellor says third runway is ` key to britain 's economic future '
 he was alone in the comp air 8 plane when it fell from the sky .
 carolann nunez had overwhelming support from fellow students at americas high school in texas .'
 amanda daughters disputed dismissal at industrial tribunal .'
keir starmer qc : ` decisions will be extremely difficult ' .
one journalist and a police officer accused of misconduct in a public office and data protection offences ; .
 matt and pat monschein have been married for 46 years .
 cardinal keith o'brien to deliver defiant easter message tomorrow .
there was so much blood at the scene her blonde hair was stained red and paramedics believed she had been stabbed .
particular outrage over the orange truffle and hazelnut whirl .
 george townley , 72 , stumbled over the edge as he left after a day out .
 child beaten and humiliated by aurel zlate , 46 , and his wife alexandra oaie , 43 .
he had been so worried .
ravi faces 10 years in prison and could be deported to india , where he was born .
 sara palmer had internal bleeding from a tumour on her liver .
but fans gathered to watch lift-off filmed and posted footage on youtube .
 postman alan vincent told eyewitnesses to ` f *** off ' .
 la-based moshe kai cavalin finished college at 11 .
posted two pictures of he and president obama with caption : ` favourite joe photos , volume one '
 mother lode area to get commercial gold bar mine for first time since 1950s .
 robert culley , 17 , knifed inspector after being asked for his ticket .
lawsuit for privacy violation filed in illinois .
still unclear if software is used by non-us networks .
witness saw male and a young girl near dugout on night she was killed .
 rebecca bryan is accused of putting a bullet in the back of her husband 's head at point-blank range while he watched tv in september 2011 .
mother lillie holliday says son was victim of institutionalized racism .
 nadia lee patrolled streets near her home for 25 years .
but other reports say they were ` freed ' after a ransom was paid .
frightened passengers said she was ` screaming bloody murder ' .
 samantha cameron making up for not celebrating 40th .
 neil iron , 32 , allegedly spiked desserts to ` liven up ' a party the night before .
 corporation also pays for his first-class train to match of the day studio .
 unrecognisable as 19-year-old norma jeane in snaps .
 robert speranza , 73 , died after being thrown from a power boat last august .
darren woodburn is just one of 6,500 in the north west awaiting a new kidney .'
amina kocer-bowman able to walk again after the february 22 shooting .
oscar winner is paying aubry 's legal fees .
l.s.
former bbc journalist helped tory london mayor boris johnson win second term .
material evidence left at scene links suspects to students ' death .
students ming qu and ying wu shot dead in their bmw last april .
 friends rallying around madonna badger .
 journal of sean ivaldi , 18 , was discovered by a teacher at the high school in massachusetts .'
 kazmirah reynolds went under after jumping into water to find frog .
was last seen drinking with friends at bar on february 22 .
two men arrested on suspicion of murder after body found on fire .
 louise neathway , 36 , also allegedly harassed ex-boyfriend who worked on wall st .'
 jeremy hunt will give evidence on thursday .  '
researchers call for international phasing out of nuclear energy .'
 adam smith tells leveson that hunt told him to fall on his sword .  '
 gord shurvell was sitting on the toilet when bear dragged him outside .
 stars are big fans of the charlotte olympia shoes .'
 turkey 's border controls are not strong enough , report warns .
 giselle esteban sent threatening texts to her baby 's father for months .
 patents cover search , e-commerce and mobile technologies .
takes to twitter to claim that his comments were taken out of context .'
 hunger striker oleg shein says he was unfairly beaten in election .
 james klemovich found in car by military on training exercise in nevada .
body of laszlo szabo , 75 , found a mile from car .
motorists stuck on flooded roads in southern cumbria .
debolt 's charred body found at asphalt plant where longoria worked .
hollywood nightclub , shows the man being held down while another man shouts a .
new dna evidence ` links hopkins to killing '
the country .'
 more than 100 different varieties of flowers used to fill giant pot .
chunk of asphalt fell off when bridge was last raised .
his godmother krystle tanner has been arrested on suspicion of the crime .
you are warriors .
 lisa simmons , 52 , hit in both thighs during florida trip .
hundreds of horrified witnesses watched as he was crushed by train .
 salp swarm forces closure of diablo canyon plant .
 laura johnson , 20 , is accused of driving a getaway car for three black men .
appears in swansea court after badger and eagle relics found in his home .
 lord carey of clifton , former archbishop of canterbury , condemns race row .
misconduct .
story appeared on sky news website but was taken down after pressure from teams .
 karilyn bales said her husband showed no signs of ptsd .
 millionaire lord fink says plan to cut relief will ` put people off ' giving to charity .
he faces a possible driving ban when his case is heard .
neither bride nor groom could communicate with each other as they could n't speak the same language .
 barton returns to twitter after three-week ` sabbatical ' .
phoebe mcinally suffered severe bite wounds to her back .
in a ` warts and all ' advert an estate agent has agreed to be honest about all the property 's faults .
 johnathan ramsey kept on rations of bread and water .'
 remains of jessica sacco , 21 , found in her urbana , ohio , home on friday .
london marathon runners to be drenched on sunday afternoon .'
the race to house the complex now between madrid and barcelona .
 annette mccullough charged with assault after attack on the opposition .'
more english people feel pride and patriotism towards union flag .
it doubled as a $ 600,000 fundraiser for her husband 's campaign .
 stripper lee grace , 29 , admits to ` poor judgment ' over violent crimes .
he allegedly sexually assaulted a 50-year-old woman the day before the murders .
 carol , 62 , passed away this month from bowel cancer .
17 people taken to hospital , 5 in critical condition .
 flight lieutenant dan cullen , 31 , has received the distinguished flying cross .'
 one witness claims officers kicked suspected knifeman george asare as he lay on the ground .'
he spent # 11,750 on a new kitchen as well as thousands more on new windows , a door and landscaping around his nottinghamshire home .'
clean-up crews begin removing 40,000 litres of fuel from ship .'
 study will look for link between streptococcus bacteria and ocd .'
after ray 's body rejected transplant , kidney was given to 67-year-old erwin gomez , a surgeon and father of five .
former grammar school prefect laura johnson , 20 , convicted of burglary and handling stolen goods .'
despite two post-mortems the cause of her death is unknown .'
 myrtle rose , 75 , was flying her kitfox model 2 in illinois .
 thinking about destruction can help you value your own life , argues a u.s academic .'
damien hirst retrospective is among the most anticipated .
of third wife kathleen savio , after his fourth wife , stacy .
heywood , 41 , found dead in hotel room in china last november .
 trial of brenda christine white , 36 , began tuesday in utah .
he appeared in court this morning .
22-year-old victim natasha trevis had three children .
 the former us congresswoman was shot in the head by a gunman in a tuscon shopping centre in january 2011 .
 29-year-old has performed 50mile runs around britain 's coastline .
girl pronounced dead in hospital but police are no longer treating incident as suspicious .'
 pervez choudhry , the former leader of slough borough council 's conservative party , escapes jail sentence .
 mothers fell out in online dispute over who should be invited to a party .
friend called to tell them house was on fire .
rachel london lucky to be alive after losing 12 pints while giving birth to jacob , who weighed 11lbs 2oz .
she had blood transfusion , then emergency surgery to stem blood flow .
 reduced a mercedes van 's reading from 364,370 miles to just 89,000 before selling it on .
 police identified the three dead as amaury rodriguez , 31 , heriberto suazo , 26 , and luis catalan , 25 , inside the dark grey bmw .
exhausts from jet takeoff can damage aircraft carriers .
 a bottle of whiskey will cost # 14 in scotland compared to just # 10 for a supermarket own-brand in england .
 celebrity expert ` breached medical ethics ' in france .
felony charge dropped to misdemeanour - now only faces up to a year in prison if convicted .
 lance corporal michael pritchard , 22 , was gunned down after he was mistaken for a taliban insurgent .
new suspect is a serial sex killer with a string of convictions .
tory mp jacob rees-mogg is backing ms bower 's case and has .
 andrew oberle , 26 , was standing in a restricted area when he was attacked .
charged with 14 counts of voyeurism .'
tried to teach otto to ` fetch ' - without success - admitting he will never be as clever as pudsey on britain 's got talent .
acquitted of gross negligence and misdemeanor careless driving .
stunned audience had to go home not knowing how the show ended .'
trust is first to be put into special measures and faces being dissolved .
 mike siddall was paralysed when he fell while training to be an instructor .
 brittany killgore went missing on friday night .
 rielle hunter laughs in message to aide at the awkward body language between edwards and his wife as she watched them on television .
 thomas marston told he was too fat in a letter given to him at school .'
 rex coxeter , 73 , was a ten-year-old boy when he was given timmy the tortoise .
 it is believed that children were among the injured at the crash in plan-de-la-tour near toulon in southern france yesterday .'
 stig lundvall found 350 miles off south africa 's coast .
 neighbours thought dorothy o'grady was pleasant guest house landlady who liked walking her dog .
her two other sons remain hospitalised after being trapped in crash .
belt was awarded in 1886 - ten years before first modern olympiad .'
ms mclaughlin appeared in court today facing a charge of failing to transport a disabled person and falsifying records .
 stephen hester is target for anger over fat-cat pay .
 anger was growing about biblical displays in palisades park .'
four .
 turkish prime minister promises change of attitude to syrian military .
 flight to seattle on sunday reported possible smoke in the cabin and cockpit .
 nathan summerfield was arrested after a one-month long search by u.s. marshall 's .
 larry ekstrom broke his previous record of 60 jumps on his 60th birthday 10 years ago .
male .
claimed that sandusky later apologised and said he ` loved ' him .
 both drivers escaped terrifying collision in russia uninjured .'
 south london healthcare nhs trust has gone # 150million in the red over the past three years .
 melvyn edwards rang 999 and falsely claimed to have .
after edwards discovered juliet was two timing him while he was 4,000 miles away .
his parents say they believe their son is lucky to be alive as a result of the blunders by health staff .'
billed as ` nastiest driving game in the world ' .
 eye-tracking study proves argentinian men prefer to linger on the rear .
 school 's pta describe ` degrading ' picture as an ` oversight ' .
however , boxes were never re-labeled as pet food .
 lois hounslea , 21 , was arrested alongside a 20-year-old man .
prosecutors sought maximum sentence of 230 years .
wanted for questioning in the shooting is 38-year-old thomas fritz , the estranged boyfriend of ms merrill .'
billed as ` nastiest driving game in the world ' .
 cameron claims he wants single currency to succeed .
 joan nisbet created a ` living hell ' during 12-year campaign of harassment .
 customers queue for an average of three minutes and 52 seconds at morrisons .'
 leonard jackson , 53 , ` admits ' to the killing after being confronted by police .
but cost .
payout marks the end of an 11-year battle over the second runway .
 workmen prepare vessel for the california science center .'
authorities say very few of those daily contacts lead to arrests .
former news of the world editor has been charged with perjury .
when 4g network does arrive , it still wo n't work with ipad .
 full-colour android touchscreen preloaded with christian e-books .
` safe ' web browser for use via wi-fi .
 department for work and pensions finds no evidence of fraud .
seven confirmed planets with two more likely candidates .
has built up $ 25m fortune over 16-year playing career .
 courtney nurden , 11 , attacked by rottweiler last week .
 frail wooden boat carrying 150 capsizes in indian ocean .
 andrew cane is suspected of murdering his mother linda .
interior of the georgia peach oyster bar decorated with racist imagery .
 men , both in their 60s , sent sos to family by phone .
vessel ran aground after encountering fierce seas .
 men casually take safe after breaking into hertfordshire house at lunchtime .
revelations follow question by liberal democrat sir bob russell .'
 wood 's death now listed as .
her body was recovered hundreds of miles away in missouri .
beer is the preferred choice of 39 per cent of american drinkers .
see victim 's broken ribs and other injuries .
officer richard haste facing up to 25 years in prison .'
wpc fletcher shot dead controlling demonstration in london in 1984 .
now , jewels , diamonds , knives , and watches being auctioned off .
 boris claims 63 per cent of cyclists killed or seriously hurt broke laws of the road .
 u.s. enduring worst drought in decades .
 russian , japanese and u.s. crew blasts off successfully .
as he ` opened fire at police , ' bey was shot down and remains in critical condition .
he apologised and spoke of his shame and ` deep regret ' over the affair .
886,000 have been unemployed for more than a year .
grieving friends have left a university of bath cheerleading vest and floral tributes nearby .
 police believe the male victim died after a fight .
the recent rise in ivory poaching has been driven by asian demand for ivory .
he added that he wanted vince cable to keep his job despite saying he had ` declared war ' on murdoch .
alleges that she was shackled in ambulance despite staff 's pleas not to .
other nypd officers cheered for haste as he exited courthouse .
the shootout .'
` tipping point ' after 30 years of video on disc and tape .
 kettrell berry , 49 , booked on 25 counts of child molestation .
example of how species can evolve when faced with new surroundings .
originally given to king in 1927 at opening of scottish motor exhibition .
 singer and guitarist , who founded paris after fleetwood mac , was 66 .
 pc mark wilkie had been called out to maria snow 's house following a row with her husband .
 officials were supposed to declare a winner in egypt 's disputed election today but election commission said it needs more time to review complaints .
deandre barnes , 19 , later arrested by police after ` fleeing the scene on foot '
former wales captain gwyn jones said ` it 's clear that he ca n't handle alcohol , he becomes a different person ' .
she was declared brain dead , but held on until april to give birth to her twins .
have fled to the uk .
would follow la city in making condoms compulsory .'
 just two scottish players ; none from n ireland or wales .'
served with navy in the pacific and ` has n't a clue ' why he has lived so long .
` i 'm not making gazillions dollars ... i was stupid kid .
zimmerman to seek bail again in today 's hearing .
judge has not yet decided whether to allow him bail .
 exiled tibetan leader is considered separatist by beijing .
now u.s. government is suing to force company to return it to mongolia .'
 group captain mike stephens was one of britain 's most decorated heroes .
 one-year-old hayley died after her lungs collapsed .
tory mp : most taxpayers ca n't see the point of inquiry .
hasan told a judge on thursday the beard is required by his muslim faith .
 despite ongoing dispute , samsung launches new tablet with lavish party featuring kylie minogue and team gb athletes .
 first time infrared light from planet this small has ever been detected .
he was arrested on suspicion of harassing his fourth wife georgina sutcliffe .
accused branca and mcclain of forging late brother 's will .
alex said he ` assisted police with their inquiries ' in statement online .
alex said he ` assisted police with their inquiries ' in statement online .
cochran was found porch of her ex-boyfriend 's property .
dave brassell was 21 stone and debra brassell was 20 stone .
crimson football team members may be implicated in cheating scandal .
anaylsis of camera said to contain ` graphic and disturbing ' images of robyn .
 ` informant ' tips off police about maddie sighting in malaga .
former house of fraser and bbc children in need model , given a 12 month community order and told to carry out 80 hours of unpaid work .
 tuanjai sprengel , 43 , was discovered dead by two gardeners .
 muhammed niazi asked to return to pakistan after splitting from filipino ex-partner .
 channel 4 documentary highlights the surreal world of child disco dancing .
 jobseekers helped feed patients during pilot scheme at sandwell hospital .'
 north carolina teacher said student could n't ` disrespect ' president in her classroom .
orders is accused of withholding evidence but has been granted bail .
 timothy papworth , 29 , admitted having sick sexual images on a computer in the stockport flat he shared with rebecca leighton .
 the afghan government have made 15 arrests for six attacks on girls ' schools in three weeks .
goodwin one of 17 former directors to be sent claims letters demanding # 2.4 bn compensation .
 frederick fox admits he was daunted by royal appointment .
 kerry kennedy had been friends with mary since she was 15 years old .
ms tiegs responds by admitting she has a ` crush ' on mr cameron and says they should ` definitely ' meet up .
aston villa apologies for players ' behaviour .
caught out when he bought garden tools from b&q - as his department did n't do any gardening .
arrested on friday morning and charged with driving while impaired .
 mayor rahm emanuel threatens to take chicago teachers to court over ` illegal ' strike action .
 michael pena , 28 , dragged victim into an alley in the bronx on her way to school .
 woman claims drew doughty forced her into a cab and took her home after she called him an ` a ** hole ' .
court told there was not a ` shred of evidence ' that victim peter bick , 57 , was a paedophile .
 four men aged 26 , 24 , 22 and 20 arrested following dawn raid on cambridge travellers ' site .
study suggests characters are readily forgotten due to rise of tv and video game entertainment .'
 nba star was signed by new york just three days before his arrest .
hammersmith and fulham council are determined to try and keep the club where they are .
 teri weissinger was stuck at san francisco airport .
he is now back behind bars after being jailed for eight months .
turner is currently in his fifth season with the falcons .
arrest came after the falcons served peyton manning his first defeat as a denver bronco .'
witnesses said there was a flock of birds near scarfia before crash .
 in one message , zimmerman .
been in this country ' .
bronze age roundhouse near oban , argyll .
virgin says it is ` delighted ' to be adviser 's ` carrier of choice '
 magnetic ` smart covers ' meant to switch ipads on when opened .
much-hyped feature no longer works with new model .
son scott davis was serving with u.s. army in iraq and afghanistan .
 american woman , 23 , married british husband , 28 , in michigan .
 craig rothwell stole the money from greater manchester police while working at bootle street police station in manchester .
the symptoms worsened during her pregnancy .
bought british painter constable 's the lock for # 10.8 m in 1990 .
worst fire in state 's history has killed at least two people .
in court , francois-henri pinault admitted he broke up with evangelista when he found out she was pregnant .
 bristol palin broke up with father of her son three months after his birth .
 mr straw would talk politics with mrs brooks as they travelled to london .
kevin systrom and mike krieger , both 26 , sold firm to facebook for $ 1bn .'
 ali hasan will stand for trial on june 20 for ` joining an illegal gathering ' .
 david anderson ` attacked three banks and a sporting goods store ' .
 row2recovery team arrived in port st charles .
 great british bake off judge admits to buying her pastry ready-made .
 the 35-year-old was on trial for killingkarmen smith and stabbing her son , 5 .
engine 's forward end of fan midshaft found fractured similar to one that sparked a fire off a runway in south carolina in july .
romney billboard in florida features entrepreneurs saying : ` mr president , i built my business ' in reference to obama controversy .
money .
jean said at the time that he had his suspicions of tampering .
 officer david lacey stopped shalandra jones and her boyfriend in dearborn , michigan , over of a broken tail light .
wednesday night 's debate is first of three for candidates before election .
 prime minister riyah hijab ` sacked ' after just two months in the job .
the reptiles are not usually known to lay so many eggs .
 heroic paul wood , 31 , played through the pain barrier for warrington .
 greg and alexa ammon , 22 , speak out for first time in new documentary .
twins : ` we loved the man who killed our father ' .
britain 's top-ranked horseman caught drink-driving less than three months before olympic event .
police say harris intentionally stepped into the area 's star football player knocking him unconscious .
 chyna young , 18 , was left paralysed from the neck down after being shot several times .
jailed on manslaughter charges .
 jennifer livingston was accused of being a bad role model .
anchor now says she hopes people ` leave him alone '
brother of the groom matthew sofka , 26 , was arrested last week .
 simon southern , 26 , drew 10-inch dagger from his crutch during attack on sadar ahmad .
visit first time the french first lady has .
straightening irons , hot rollers and curling also permanently damage hair .
drugs baron jailed for murdering a newsagent in 1983 .
also concealed camera in nursery 's staff toilets .
farmer was worried crops were damaged after nearby river burst its banks .
 4.5 billion-year-old rock crashed to earth in russia .
strange ` quasicrystal ' believed to be impossible in nature .
police have been critcised for their insensitivity .
a further 16 celebrity bears will be created .'
jeremy hunt should have been clear about what his special adviser was doing , said lord o'donnell .
 kathryn bartlett died when nathan cleaver 's van collided with her car .
it 's where experts cracked the nazi 's enigma code during world war two .
 chuck shriner , 17 , pulled the stunt at florida high school ceremony .  '
few westerners have ever visited mine for metals crucial to electronics .
 uglybooth for the iphone rearranges photos with hilarious results .
 source says woman and kelly exchanged ` sexts ' for 48 hours before date .
 firefighters responding to early-morning blaze discovered five bodies in bar .
 mary archer was locking up after a busy friday night when robber struck .
but parents spend more time with their children than their parents spent with them .'
 affordable medicines facility for malaria is ` dangerous distraction ' - charity .
u.s. is ordered to leave pakistani airbase in 15 days .
he insists his pet was not responsible for the attack as she was playing with him at the time .
 mr blair said he was keen to secure a top international job and would have considered being president of the eu or the world bank .
he was rushed to hospital with suspected internal bleeding but checked himself out the next day to go back to work .
public sector workers also earn more and work shorter hours .'
former medic kevin carlson exposed on tape .
greig stood by mob boss for more than three decades .
research team will search pacific island of nikmaroro for crash debris .'
 marc kirvin , 46 , grabbed shoes and handbag after woman was killed by lorry .
she had been working for hospital for 15 years .
three others also plead guilty to conspiracy to steal .
the eviction was ` peaceful and low-key ' said islington council .
rare find as no other uniforms of that rank and era in existence .'
investigation launched after a woman claimed she was assaulted by a cyclist .'
 users will also have to spend hundreds on new handsets .
true .
trial hears how party girls referred to berlusconi by the .
an individual who regularly dumps rubbish in their front garden .
 eli liu had a miraculous escape after slipping from the cliff edge at spion kop in whitby , north yorkshire .
the virus could target a protein found in human lungs causing immune system to go into overdrive and attack itself .
mrs gu now chief suspect in death , which has sparked scandal in china .
82-year-old appeared on stage wearing union flag shirt he painted himself .
 phil gannon , 58 , was caught on camera hurling racist abuse during a game .'
toddler then died on sunday and mr timbrell is in critical condition .
first message went out 20-30 minutes into attack on the embassy .
 death row inmate ronald post claims his weight , vein access and scar tissue would prevent a humane execution .
but walker says she should have had ` more support ' from local authorities .
she wants dna test to prove the relationship .
 veteran broadcaster dave barnett blames severe migraine for incident .'
 met police commissioner slammed for his public support of the government 's communications data bill .
 mao sugiyama cooked own genitalia and served it up .
fooled dealers , auctioneers and collectors by pretending to find masterpieces at car boot sales .
nurses , porters and paramedics allegedly ignored the man .
members of the public were seen laughing at the man and taking pictures of him on their phones .'
tom adams started cross-dressing at the age of two , as his alter ego tamara .
 leslie and pamela cox were planning their retirement when they died .
bella , three , from staffordshire , has regular manicures and her own perfume .
421m shares issued on friday fall to $ 34.03 each at closing on monday .'
florence mynott is ` out of immediate danger ' , doctors say .
scroll down further to see how it compares to ` voiceover king ' don lafontaine .
hunter 's book , ` what really happened , ' is due out june 26 .
mother jasmid said her son grew up with no money but had respect for others .
 mark mccammon says gillingham fc tried .
nicola newman , 33 , said remark was intended as ` banter '
at 8ft 7in square , it is smaller than a snooker table .
funeral home admitted shocking mix-up after service .'
dipping a pacifier into a can of the caffeinated drink , before allowing her 17-year-old sister anna 's newborn to suckle on it .
pohl also helped terrorists procure fake passports and other documents .
rescued by the coastguard , both men were hospitalised with serious burns .
he is now suing the boat dealers mgm marine ltd and dun laoghaire yacht services for more than # 300,000 .'
u.s. officials considered ` fencing and other barriers ' .
` she was bubbly and popular and she stuck up for everyone , ' friend says .
 parents have accused essex police of a ` massive over reaction ' .
 brittany killgore went missing on friday night .
 jamie heaton , two , was killed instantly in the blast .
 conrad o'donnell , 27 , sentenced to nine-and-a-half years in jail .
creatures could be larval stage of 7-11 crab , according to scientists .
 neil iron , 32 , once served afternoon tea to the queen .
in philadelphia , the roots , joe and nick jonas , and queen latifah performed .
 kim , kayleigh and kimberley buckley were cremated today in gwent .
waves walking stick at one thug who threatened her with a samurai sword .
going to the camp , fighting in the war , and fighting discrimination - .
 seventh tibetan dies from self-immolation this month .
 paul smith , a beloved band teacher , was diagnosed with cancer in april .
 new york 's jfk ranks first out of 40 u.s. airports .
 bristol rovers player jordan goddard was seen by corby town fans relieving himself as he warmed up .'
 steven pete believes that suffering from congenital .
congenital .
 ms williams is only the second woman in history to hold the job .'
 eccentric former gangster nikolai sutyagin , 65 , built the 13-storey building .
 attacker ` switched ' when his date pulled away from a kiss .
 woman to sue officers who released the body .
 should have been flying 300 miles home during race from france .
 elliot turner , 20 , denies the murder of emily longley , 17 , in his bedroom at the family home in .
mr cameron seen as at his weakest during pmqs when he loses his temper .
admitted three charges of voyeurism at crown court .
victim josie ratley was left severely brain damaged after the beating .
 manufacturers including mars and nestle relied on his sophisticated palate to sample new treats .'
family said ms brannan was ` kind and friendly ' but ` fragile '
 a lorry driver was left dangling off a bridge after his leg got wedged under his overturned truck in china .
 patients aged between late 40s and 75 , health protection agency confirms .
blamed crash on a ` partial seizure ' on july 17 and pleaded not guilty to driving while impaired by drugs .
tracking devices catch thieving father-of-two with parcels in his car .'
mahmoud ahmadinejad mocked the republican presidential candidate for his trip to israel .
 it costs # 40,000 to keep one person in jail for a year .
raisman finished with two gold medals and a bronze .
nash hand and amelia forsythe , of florida , vowed to raise their kitten .
mr aldridge 's parents and sister were also targeted in arson attacks in kent .
even stole from dead clients ' estates .
 josie mcfayden was just 16 when she married swanley on the hit tv show .
can lead to misinterpretation and arguments .
 william taylor invited his nephew and his family to live with him after the theft in 2001 .
 lawrence taylor , 53 , acquitted of rape charges by jury .
 lawrence taylor , 53 , admits he often hires prostitutes ` for company ' when he 's on the road .
one person on the phone stormed out shouting ` stuff you '
 hannah macleod 's medal arrived at england hockey 's hq this morning .
mother-of-two has spent last five years dieting from a size 32 to a size 16 .
 isla 's blood pressure was ` unacceptably low ' , finds coroner .
parents pay tribute to their ` energetic little girl '
 case proves the vickers proposals are ` right for britain ' , says chancellor george osborne .
medics advised her to take painkillers , coroner told .'
 spurned lover terrence armer is accused of murder .
mcgarry 's estranged wife heather , 27 , and three children were believed to be inside the house , but all escaped uninjured .
anna doman told court about ` statements from the grave ' .
only u.s. medal in field went to long-jumper will claye .
 anthony hills , 55 , rushed to hospital on saturday and died hours later .
 body found off coast identified as missing 50-year-old rebecca weiss .
teachers brand ` olympic legacy ' a ` joke ' and ` hypocrisy '
taken off life support wednesday after organs donated .
mother 's boyfriend , jose cruz , charged with murder .
 christopher rawson cried when his # 40 bike was confiscated by a housing association .
 claims assad 's regime is prepared to use lethal chemicals ` if attacked from outside ' .
 members were ` followed by group of 15 men ' after entering ukraine .
feminist group had planned protest before ukraine v france game in donetsk .
 bank refused to return cash to rachel addison .
also says that casey suspected that george had fathered caylee .
mary kennedy 's divorce lawyers have objected to the possibility of her estranged husband , rfk jr , being named administrator .
 culprit caught on cctv but claimed taking scrap metal is n't a crime in poland .
 passengers were killed instantly on the m1 .
 asil nadir , 70 , wanted jury to hear he was ` not guilty ' of defrauding business .
mr singh is being investigated for his involvement .
 hillary clinton tore up the floor at a dinner event tuesday night .
 authorities confirm body belongs to 21-year-old student .
 annmarie harris , 37 , ran a gentleman 's club near windsor castle and a nearby bar .
it follows raid on gay venue where 36 men were forced to undergo tests .'
 mother says her daughter found out her husband had a girlfriend before she disappeared .
 charles hagerman found at chicago home by his wife .
coroner 's office said suicide note offered not motive and did n't mention any health problems .
research team will search pacific island of nikmaroro for crash debris .
senior .
some viewers thought scene between nina and lily was ` pornographic ' .
court heard relationship had been ` on the rock 's ' when mrs leeman began affair with another man .
victim , 48 , suffers from somnambulism .
corporation tells mr jacobs : ` change it or face action ! '
 photo shows paul mccartney wearing sandals - proving he did n't ` die ' .
 the 102-year-old cab is up for sale and could fetch more than # 20,000 .
 jackie wisniewski , 33 , lured into stairwell and shot at point-blank range .
residents fear for market town 's identity .
 there is more japanese tourists in cheltenham because of a pig killer 's grave .
boy scout uniforms raise alarm among officers about his intentions .
 nimrod the dog given to hess in a bid to stop him committing suicide .
 book will be published anonymously under the pseudonym ` mark owen ' .
 january schofield 's behaviour was disturbing even as a baby .
he joined white supremacist website combat 18 .
smashed her laptop and phone and called her ' a slag and a whore ' .
games organisers still have 550,000 tickets to shift .
wrens who retained non-seagoing status after rules changed were assured it would not harm their prospects .
knocks joe paterno down list of ncaa 's winningest coaches .
simpson toured 35 states , posing with fans at nightclubs and concerts .
 sunderland city council has spent # 210,000 in three years on air travel .'
she later died in hospital after she was taken from the clinic by police .
he gave ` highly selective ' evidence , says treasury select committee .
 julie cank , 42 , has a sexual relationship with mentally ill patient aged 23 .
the bacteria causes illnesses from cholera to gastroenteritis .'
the free , friendly service is expected to encourage customer loyalty .'
this happened to us '
 new jersey couple missed a home payment of $ 140 four years ago .
it is not clear if his death was an accident , a suicide , or a murder .'
withdrew bid for re-election wednesday after calls from both parties to resign .
gauthier said he tried to kill himself last week over the ` tragic embarrassment '
 ` family day ' opens the carnival as children dress up and paint their faces .
fans queued for 24 hours for centre court tickets .'
the unmanned truck crashed into the side of her two-bedroom property after the handbrake was left off .'
police placed surveillance camera to catch the culprits .'
the 28-year-old it worker lost the wheel colliding with a wall .
 list of 148 stars who are paid ` off the books ' thought to include fiona bruce and jeremy paxman .
 the camillettis posed for wedding photos in knee-high floodwater .
in march david cameron said only new or enhanced roads would be tolled .
 eilish , 21 , should be fit to run in the 3000m steeplechase on saturday .'
letters penned by the two criminals being sold by auctioneers mctear 's .
flights in and out of gatwick suspended as passengers escape aircraft .
 joan nisbet created a ` living hell ' during 12-year campaign of harassment .
he was originally charged with assault and resisting arrest but judge threw out case declaring police evidence was ` riddled ' with discrepancies .
 brazilian-born antonio gobbato , 51 , was today convicted of sexual assault and fraud .
 eight-mile journey cost chloe webb and lauren huggett # 500 .'
one posted on twitter : ` rip lewis .
people in uk ' .
the triple win reinvigorated team gb 's campaign , taking the number of golds won by the host nation to 25 , the highest for 104 years .
first olympic medal for women 's team since 1992 .
zach had surgery to have his jaw wired after vicious assault .
 mrs .
he went missing from his hotel in nottingham just hours after his leg of the relay .
the government will announce the deal before the olympics , sources say .
 boat believed to have flipped over when driver opened throttle on bend .
coach had drunk wine at olympics drink reception in weymouth , dorset .
 mother kiara mayne estright , 19 , convicted of abusing her toddler .
 retired john lowde , 86 , has grown a 12ft thistle in his front garden .
 department for .
he freed her from her safety seat before pulling on the car 's handbrake .
 terminal c closed immediately after discovery of bomb .
 confessed to using the school account to fund her mother 's care home bill , but also bought herself a laptop , new clothes and furniture .
friends and family posted fliers and hired a helicopter to help search for the missing teens .
cleveland judge marilyn cassidy almost hit by bag .
 lord heseltine 's ideas on how to .
the victim , karima gordon , died days later .'
 crisis talks over planned merger between bae systems and eads .
forty modules fit together like a giant jigsaw puzzle .
network is broadcasting events in daily youtube packages .
the child 's real mother insists the child lives with her .
failure to comply with published guidance when the bids were processed .
but european stock markets rose as u.s. announced it will pump $ 40bn into economy a month .
clearest indication yet that iran is helping bashar al-assad 's regime .
look after her .
girl then brought on female friend to partake in ` game '
 lawrence wood repeatedly stabbed the youngster and told police ` that it made him feel good ' .
he stabbed her more than 20 times as she babysat her niece and nephew then locked them in the house with her body .
 scottish comedian renews long-running feud with british olympic champion .
 damon gough repeatedly swore at crowd , calling one young mother a ` c *** ' .
 dr william petit married christine paluf on sunday in west hartford .
he told court : ` it is awful .
lead singer brian aubert : ` we 're nice , approachable people .
former marine remained naked throughout trial .
mrs hoffner said : ` we take pictures and videos of our kids in all their craziness ' .
 janay jackson died from injuries at shands jacksonville hospital .
boy was airlifted to hospital where he remains in a ` serious ' condition .
boyfriend mark scerbo , 22 , charged with second-degree manslaughter .'
kathleen , 28 , and stephen miskell , 31 , had just bought a house together .
 shane butcher , 29 , is selling everything he owns for $ 3.5 million .
 lori hamilton , 42 , charged with felony child abuse .
hamilton claims she locked the boy up only four times .
police found coley dead in suburban detroit home after day-long siege .
 officers squirted pava spray into eric rawlinson 's eyes after he refused to leave the supermarket in swindon .
used daughter mahria khatana , 25 , as a front for his shady consultancy firm .
 romney has made a seven point lead among the 15 % who have voted already .
most of the information about the oncoming hurricane sandy has been gathered from the very system that is at risk .'
crew walked up and down aisles trying to prevent panic .
mourinho : ' i am certain that john terry is not a racist ' .
if not , wildlife .
 actor and director endorsed romney at private campaign event .
actor plans to now spend more quality time with his family .
 singapore group cared for ol boy in his final days .'
new owner tamira thayne wanted for cruelty and inadequate care .
soso , now 20 , was jailed for more than 12 years by a judge at the high court in edinburgh .
 rival book titled no easy op claims ex-navy seal mark bissonnette had ` bad blood ' with former colleagues .
he had been in the river for two hours and was spotted in distress .
 italian alex zanardi , 45 , took gold in the h4 handcycling time trial .
former williams driver lost his legs in a high-speed crash in germany in 2001 .
 unnamed man in his sixties died from effects of ` suffocation and heart attack ' .
 english teacher sacked from new jersey school .'
 morgan martin , from florida , met the man on facebook .
 heavy security around hefei people 's court .
regular diver mrs weiss co-owns two businesses with her husband .'
son arranged for him to fire the field gun during historical reenactment day .
was put in a medically-induced coma sunday and awoke up wednesday .
 azhar ahmed , now 20 , made the comment just two days after the soldiers were killed .
half of photos in new book have never been seen before .
 judge jailed ian lowe for 28 years for stabbing the mother of his son to death in front of him .
police allege pepe , 55 , offered $ 2,000 to have robert meredith killed .
meredith , 49 , has said he had never exchanged words with pepe .
lee county sheriff mike scott urged parents to monitor their children 's internet activity .
but many stations are still inundated and closed indefinitely .
 adrienne martin , 27 , died of a lethal mix of cocaine and oxycodone in 2010 .
spain 's unemployment level are now the highest in the industrial world .
 luka rocco magnotta , 29 , subject of massive manhunt .
shows man beheading and then sexually assaulting victim .
was convicted in march of killing mike sisco , 47 , and karen harkness , 53 .
his death was witnessed by multiple onlookers who took photos and video on their phones when they noticed a man scaling a fence on the bridge .
the uk now has the highest apd in the world .
 man found dead in landing gear area of a boeing 747 from cape town .
 top banks increase graduate pay by 5 % to # 45-50 ,000 .
george and mary truell found it difficult to cross their road .
mass protest in the streets of georgian capital tbilisi after videos aired .
transferred to another hospital and forced to wait two hours for caesarean .
 horrified tracy arnold from wisbech , cambridgeshire , made the grim discovery in a jar of tomato sauce she had used to make spaghetti bolognese .
she was followed by aries merritt who was victorious in the men 's 110 meter hurdles and brittney reese who won the women 's long jump .
argument delayed flight to melbourne by 30 minutes .
passengers ` roared ' with laughter when captain informed them on reason for late take-off .
around half of all cases of west nile virus in the us this year have been in texas .
breathtaking views over central park from the enormous windows .
 english teacher sacked from new jersey school .'
 allem kerr , 25 , was born in south africa to british parents and moved to scotland when she was four .
 nikki douthwaite 's artworks are composed of up to 600,000 dots .
clair and kenneth walker were told not to return to the aberdeen branch with son brayden on september 4 .
 dustin wiseman ` struck in eye while watching mock sword fight ' .
patrick .
bill clinton also pays tribute to former president .'
medical leave comes during ethics investigation over then-senator obama 's vacated u.s. senate seat .
obama then moved on to fundraiser in denver for husband 's re-election .
the deceased 's daughter , aged 29 , arrested on suspicion of murder .
 protection officers were ` enjoying the party more than protecting prince ' .
the programme recovered from the scene had three knife holes in it .'
 recruitment consultant eddie worton , 31 , died of serious head injuries .
wednesday , possibly boarding a plane from geneva within two hours .
got ` overly amorous ' and arrested for ` lewd behaviour ' .
morpurgo 's troubled story was revealed in recent biography .
chadwick swore at call-handlers and made a threat to kill .
 audrey and noemi belanger , 20 and 26 , were college students from a well-known family in a small quebec town .
case is similar to an american and a norwegian who died in 2009 .'
 the pm got into the olympic spirit with athletes as he toured the team gb preparation camp .'
that evening her sister received a harrowing text claiming she was dead .
the 20-year-old allegedly kicked the politician in the side and chest .
perdue won her a gold medal in the 4x200 freestyle relay on wednesday .
but it is claimed she was off working in hospitals in england at the same time .
she was found face down in the water 20 minutes later and was not breathing .
 stoke city midfielder andrew hall , 18 , being held on suspicion of murder .
 the 31-year-old was more ` difficult ' than her brother and ` crossed the line ' .
despite the price tag , the garage is # 425,000 cheaper than one in knightsbridge which went on the market in may .'
thousands of attendees told they could not open umbrellas .
emigrated to america and became jenny and rosie , the dolly sisters .
 hany mustapha 's body found four miles off the isle of wight .
custody .
mr valenzuela was fired in march .
the 20-year-old mother remains in a medically-induced coma in hospital .'
he was carrying an oxygen tank and had tubes in his nose .'
reunited with wife and family .
claimed to own a florida beach-side mansion and a private jet .
police installed cameras which captured this latest break in .
uneven stars prove that galaxy is still ` ringing ' from impact .
average cost of running refrigerator for year is $ 65.72 .'
project .
considered one of the finest comedy writers of his generation .'
 cyclist wins sixth gold to break record set by rower sir steve redgrave .
i am proud of what i did .
steele then turned knife on self in front of son .
police were called to bar in fort mill , sc , after staff asked her to stop giving the child beer from a shot glass .
the same volusia county sheriff 's deputy was dispatched to welch 's house twice .
parents hid welch 's phone after the first phone call , but he went to a neighbor 's house .
the three-and-a-half pound cucumber weighs more than triple the average .'
` this is all complete cloud cuckoo land , ' he said , ` i 'll be over the hill '
 paul petras and 19-year-old son andrew ` aj ' petras killed in la crosse , wisconsin on saturday afternoon .
the pair were shot in their family owned photography store .
pc simon harwood , 45 , hit mr tomlinson , 47 , with his baton and pushed him to the ground during the g20 protests in london in 2009 .
dartmouth students faced charges last year .
 samsung insider leaks ` ipad mini ' .
kevin fox claimed a company part-owned by her husband michael hall owed the money .
 gridlock in new york after president touches down in air force one .
pm insists he is ` completely wrong '
allegedly phones wife evana repeatedly after release .'
 sharon caslow , 65 , indicted on six counts of manslaughter after medical workers found her mother in family 's shared home bathroom .
two other men and three women have been arrested on suspicion of assisting an offender .
 lisa cochran allegedly shot dead her three daughters , aged 1 , 10 , and 11 , who were found in van .
d'ambrosio was freed in 2010 after judge cited that evidence that could have exonerated him was withheld .
` my mother .
hours earlier ` violent and controlling ' williams had texted the mother of his baby daughter pledging not to hit her again .
she was fired for gross misconduct for giving away food without payment .'
 kathleen pugh , 53 , published a collection of stories including one in which a nurse seduces and has sex with a dying patient .
` if i inflicted half as much assault in my adulthood as i did as a teen , i would be locked up for a very long time '
has already served time for raping nine-year-old neighbor and stabbing a prostitute .
 peter lawler , 71 , faces jail for sex assaults 25 years ago .
she left renowned canoe club to escape his clutches .
 johnson and wife evelyn lozada have only been married for about a month .
on may 23 , before he received the permits , mr semler got an e-mail from rep bishop 's daughter asking for a contribution of up to $ 10,000 .
over the bridge before slamming into musician joseph belmonte .
 catherine beesley co-owns a # 300k bungalow with daughter sue martin .
 antisec group claimed to have over 12 million ids taken from an fbi laptop .
apple says it did not release information to the fbi .'
 roger waters has sold more than 1.4 million tickets generating $ 158.1 million .
executive chairman said he is doing ` much better ' .
the blast was so powerful it blew the bbq roof into the air .
but volker .
 patricia wilson , 58 , went missing last month .
handyman jean-louis cayrou has been arrested on suspicion of murder .
 elvis o'connor was signed up to a talent agency before he was even born .
 men started slapping and punching julie pearce , 46 as she sat in her car .
 james jepson , 25 , was jailed for a minimum of 18 years for the murder of steven rourke , 26 , who has special needs .
the killer hid the body in a wheelie bin before putting it outside his house .
he was refused entry to a rollercoaster at alton towers because of his missing leg even though he had ridden it many times before .
 researchers found that most britons will only have a ` window of wealth ' between 58 and 65-years-old .
 kerry blenkinsopp stole # 2,600 from her mother to buy luxuries , claiming they were ` basics ' .
 eurasian jays outperform 7-year-olds in logic tests .
birds do better than humans in two out of three tests .'
baby boy born three-weeks premature but doing well .'
five suffering stunted growth by the time of the 2016 olympic games in .
allotment society secretary : ` he was extremely popular and charming '
 graham bishop starred in danish tv shows as psychic .
she says she ` hates ' well which her husband spent three days clearing out .
them to the ground .
he then jumped into lake , removed his clothes and refused to come out .'
26-year-old kenneth w. smith jr. has since been arrested and charged with conveying false and misleading information .
troop .
 death row inmate ronald post claims his weight , vein access and scar tissue would prevent a humane execution .
 fiennes was pictured in 2009 at cheltenham festival .
 structure built on top of a huge tomb used between 4,000 bc and 2,300 bc .
regeneration plan is hoped to give christchurch the feel of a university campus .
tokyo .
 jane cappleman lived with the decaying body of her friend for three weeks .
tragedy happened as she mucked out stables with her daughter zara , 13 .'
sale marks 50 years since the world premiere of 1962 movie dr no .'
they had to stay in washington , d.c. as it was their first day of school .
` margaret thatcher dressed as a strong woman ' , says handbag entrepreneur anya hindmarch .
 brian banks exonerated last week in decade-long rape case .
the sanctuary has one of the world 's highest concentration of rhino .
 matthews began writing to her new man while she was in prison .
but his broken bones were really caused by an inherited vitamin d deficiency .'
stolen art includes work by some of america 's finest painters .
 elric shawn millner , 24 , filmed himself and others assaulting the 17-year-old girl .
 great british bake off judge admits to buying her filo pastry ready-made from greek shops in london .
police are searching for the culprits .
 privacyfix also helps users to change their profile settings for more privacy .'
facebook admits more gambling games are coming .
 kate replied being princess was ` very nice ' and said william was ` very sweet ' and ` spoiled her ' .
mr austin was sacked when he complained but was found to be a victim of ` atrocious ' bullying .
worries across the region at ` the way china is headed '
 the usda estimates that prices will jump next year by 3.5-4 .5 per cent for chicken and turkey .
the victim was pushed and kicked before his money and keys were stolen .'
taken off life support wednesday after organs donated .
police had also spoken to the killer after he smashed up the flat they shared .
she asked for a police escort so she could collect belongings from property .
 new book charts french president 's tumultuous love life .
out of 500,000 living in these households there are 250,000 children .
the building .
teachers could be sacked with 9 weeks instead of a year .'
 amber andujor , 12 , is in critical condition on her birthday .
 yevgeniy ` eugene ' glebov had been freediving for ten years and was due to quit sport in a few days .
he had been hunting giant bass without an air tank and was found dead in his diving gear by a crew aboard a tugboat .
 charles dowd , 69 , of california , was on his way to montreal to visit his son and grandchildren .
 grantham and stamford mp nick boles has defended proposals to allow large extensions in back gardens .
american academy of pediatrics claims nets added to trampolines make little difference to safety .
police believe the items were sold to rich , private collectors and historians fear they will never be seen again .
 stairlift installed for elderly and wheelchair users to ascend ` hell staircase ' .
chemically tagged ants are then quickly destroyed by workers in ` death squads '
comes as engineers begin testing curiosity 's robotic arm .
shows 200 soldiers performing ancestral war cry at funeral in christchurch .
nypd says there was no joy ride , they were just transporting the vehicle to a more secure lot .
 daniel hermann 's right hand , arm and leg left disabled in 1992 car crash .
 50 injuries reported in islamabad as police pelted with stones .
 their ` ascending aggies ' device , which is worn like a backpack , was developed by student engineers at utah state university .
will go head-to-head with google nexus 7 in the pocket tablet market .
but britain is also getting back # 1.3 billion less than it did a year ago .'
schoolboy dropped a cup of tea , groaned , and then died .
acura tl and volvo s60 were the only vehicles to pass the test with the highest rating .
 first robbery occurred while harriet sweger , 72 , shopped .
 corgis ganged up on elderly dog as they were walked at balmoral .
 58 per cent of surveyors for a pew poll said the rich do n't pay enough taxes .
news comes as republicans head to national convention tuesday .
british mother , 35 , had to pay # 236 for passes in spain .
 russian president vladimir putin made the statement on national tv today .
mental health sufferer admitted string of animal neglect charges .
bell says matt lauer ` has a heart of gold ' .
all time favourite car from his motoring past was the ford cortina .'
` flagship ' phone cut to just $ 50 in u.s. after 12 weeks on sale .
 body of scarlett keeling , 15 , left in mortuary in exeter since 2008 .
china , with poorly maintained roads and bad driving habits resulting in .
symptoms including fever and pain in lymph nodes started four days later .
 sarah catt , 35 , aborted her unborn baby ` in the final stages of pregnancy ' .
she admits unclipping her prison keys from her belt during the clinch .'
 first lieutenant michael haley leaves in january for almost a year .'
 attila ban knifed tibor vass and alice adams , both 20 , to death in a staff flat behind hotel where they worked .
her family must now decide the dogs ' fate as police say they do not know whether the dogs will be destroyed .
 suspect is 25-year-old law school dropout laurence alan stewart .
 leanne ryan , 30 , and thomas knight , 45 , were each jailed for two years .
mr courchee was unconscious after falling from knight 's flat in liverpool .
 mta agent forced to shoot man who tried to force his way into station .
suspect arrested but one-eyed dale cregan still on the loose .
patel had already twice been suspended over other botched post-mortems .
the pair rented suv and took a ride through oak creek canyon , sedona .
officers were bitten during a raid at the owner 's house last year .
the 30-year-old faces a charge of battery but boasted that his bond money was set aside in advance .'
he also defrauded help for heroes charity of over # 3,000 .
 harold and kumar actors john cho and kal penn star in democratic ad .
peacock , 19 , had his right leg amputated below the knee when he was five after contracting meningitis .
defence secretary phillip hammond to announce cuts to mod bonuses .
cctv showed boy being dragged back to class .
340 million tweets are sent every day .
she thought she had an ` upset stomach ' .
 isabella sarah tennant last seen around midnight on sunday .
` trusted family friend ' john freeman , 16 , charged with murder .
he reversed into hannah rogers and then threatened to take an overdose .
 cells pass into mother 's body before making it to brain .
 junior nkwelle was pronounced dead at the scene in brixton on thursday .
 sara dickinson wore the rubber wrist band after her grandmother died from breast cancer in 2010 .
 reveals every extreme weather event since records began .
 problems hit users across europe , with uk customers affected .
work and pensions secretary said the government would measure whether parents say they have a ` good quality relationship '
michael 's mother and three children are sole beneficiaries to his estate .
those arrested were remanded in custody until october facing charges with a maximum penalty of life in jail .'
pleaded guilty to unlawfully accessing details on her .
 firefighters were called only three minutes before the washington d.c. flight was scheduled to take off .
officers say they can stop crime in areas of birmingham before it happens .
 carers watched as james brotherhood climbed on to the windowsill with a wheelchair strapped to him .
moves by the fbi to copy data from dotcom 's computer and take it offshore also ruled unlawful .
 smartphones have cameras with up to 8mp .
west yorkshire police arrest men aged 39 , 36 , and 26 .'
dylan , from kettering , northamptonshire , had been on holiday in burnham-on-sea with his family .
new calls for reduction in uk air passenger duty to ease burden on airlines .
four civilians , a policeman and all five attacked also killed in the battle .'
 54-year-old bowmore islay whisky will go under the hammer on wednesday .
in co. down , northern ireland .
richard curtis ' romantic films dominate the list .
worst cosmetic teeth goes to simon cowell , joey essex and chloe sims .'
carer went shopping while he went to massage parlour .'
peak is one of the oldest geographical formations on the planet .'
 tommy thompson found the ss central america in 1988 .
regan now a ` vulnerable prisoner ' and placed in isolation wing of jail after giving evidence against his co-accused .
 the massive ordnance penetrator is the biggest conventional bomb ever made .
callum wingate has now been flown home to leeds where he is in a coma .
owners say they paid $ 1,800 in addition to their plane tickets to transport their two dogs on united 's petsafe program .
hospital went into lockdown as swat teams searched for gunman .
it emerged he had been playing violent video games and taking drugs cannabis and mephedrone on the night of the attack .
 thomas cato stole a .
catching a flight with girlfriend , photographer lindsay usich .
change from empire to excellence would ` have her father and grandfather spinning in their graves '
former pupils from two of the schools where giovanditto worked have claimed they were molested by the teacher during the 1980s .'
scholars at amherst college in massachusetts have been researching the photo since 2007 .'
neighbours have complained saying that barking disturbs their sleep .
 popular opening meet is curtain raiser for the uk hunting season .
the sanctuary has one of the world 's highest concentration of rhino .
 probe will examine claims palestinian leader was poisoned .'
medal haul could match baroness tanni grey-thompson 's 11 paralympic golds if she wins thursday 's road race .
owners say they paid $ 1,800 in addition to their plane tickets to transport their two dogs on united 's petsafe programme .
 todd akin lambasted claire mccaskill as being unladylike during campaign stop .
deadline passed on tuesday for candidates to remove names from missouri ballot .
but oliveria was shot dead before music video filming .
 mark twain was close friends with a man named tom sawyer when he lived in san francisco in 1863 .
 george falder , 48 , found dead inside the steam operated machine .
lets snappers add filters - just like instagram .
prototype links to smartphones using bluetooth .
 sole leopard believed to have killed and eaten 15 people in remote nepal .
more than 500 people have paid deposits to secure a $ 200,000 flight on board virgin galactic 's spaceshiptwo .
 unknown group claims yahoo 's security is ` lax ' .
only eyeless huntsman spider ever discovered .
 sole leopard believed to have killed and eaten 15 people in remote nepal .
police arrived and arrested 43-year-old amber haaser .'
little bernera to be left in estate and given to family .'
 manchester police constables nicola hughes and fiona bone killed while responding to a report of a burglary in hattersley , greater manchester .
 chris richardson , 28 , was sent a vicious twitter message from an american follower .
in car with .
we are all just gobsmacked '
 liberty island statue has been closed to public for a year for maintenance .
they worry there is not enough room for the several hundred people the event attracts .
` it 's tragic that he died alone , ' said teen 's father .
malala was flown to the city 's queen elizabeth hospital for expert care .
williams .
chief executive marc bolland under pressure following mistakes last year .
 palin said she was ` crossing her fingers ' about the final hours .
 more than 54,000 civil servants have been sacked in 18 months - more than margaret thatcher managed in four years .
 a 41-year-old man from stoke-on-trent was arrested by officers over the attack in june .
the stripper is accused of headbutting miss ciobotaru and punching her in the face outside the french pussycat club in soho , london .
in a 2011 interview schwarzenegger said : ' i mean , of course you help a friend . '
he is said to have been talking about the time he met beckham in 2008 .'
by his ordeal .
 their children , 11 and 13 , have no .
memory of their mothers not being at loggerheads , london 's appeal court heard .
rideways ` now want to set up their own foundation for jessica ' .
 adrian paterson , 49 , plunged 300ft to ground as he flew craft alone .
google say that if passed the bill would threaten its ` very existence '
 more than 90 of the world 's most sought after motors go under the hammer in battersea on wednesday .
truffles , 4 , became an international superstar in march after setting initial record of 30cm .
 abigael .
her cry .'
renovating the home 's basement the owner discovered the skeletal remains .
 the boy 's father found the burn upon his return from deployment in afghanistan .
fighters battled for a record-breaking purse of $ 2.5 million .
duchess opened her heart about osteoporosis devastating her family .'
6,600 staff face redundancy after retailer 's collapse .
 stacey barlow banned from keeping animals for 3 years and fined just # 100 .
 william sword jr. , 61 , a married father-of-three , was struck by the tree as he cleared debris from his driveway in princeton , new jersey .
 guy marsden , son of savile 's sister marjorie , says it would spare anguish for victims and families with loved ones buried in same scarborough cemetery .
 michael patrick spencer , 43 , had served as the children group 's executive in new mexico before moving to their texas affiliate in 2008 .
mr wilson says he feels let down that he can not accept medal .'
prove him guilty of ` aiding .
 study found 30 % of youngsters have a mutation of a gene .
they found the .
 perrie williams , christopher byom and anton lord jailed for 17 years , 21 years and eight and a half years respectively .
the woman asked her son if he had been victimized by ortiz and he revealed that he had .
only one of his bungled cases has been able to be fully investigated to point of trial after many victims were too upset to go through their ordeals again .'
traffic warden filmed mr paddon 's licence plate as they drove past .
mr paddon then sent # 75 fine in post - and council rejected his appeal .
 the stunning mayfair properties are on the market for a staggering # 45million .
 collies discovered feeding on rotting pig carcass in february 2011 .
court had given leon henry smith , 62 , opportunity to improve conditions .
northamptonshire police failed to alert interpol about his case allowing him to escape arrest for over a year .
 ricardo mckenzie served in iraq before being discharged in 2008 .
being on the show is a ` publicity gift ' and ' i seized upon it ' says mp .
 the two three-horned johnston 's chameleons measure three centimetres .
 jennine jackson , 47 , was born russell jackson but always felt different .
 pm 's wife rode a pinnacle hybrid bike , available at evans .
today , the owner of the now derelict building has offered to sell it to bradford city council for the nominal fee of # 1 .
club officials admit chelsea 's image has been damaged .
couple reportedly stayed at middleton inn , little washington , va and enjoyed bike rides and cozy dinners .
 brawl over artwork happened on street in new york .
but crazy , stupid , love star arrived to break it up .
she left her victim with a cut that stretched from her top lip to the bottom of her chin .'
 body of simeonette mapes-crupi found by her husband jonathan .
some have pointed to the ` all in ' title as a direct indication of what petraeus and broadwell were up to .
 all discovered in the brazilian atlantic rainforest or nearby grasslands .
 the 300-year-old cross keys pub in chelsea was first opened in 1708 .
wife and mother christine johnson managed to escape .'
mr manuell chased the family for payment for three years .
inquiries have been launched by the nhs south west london , the general medical council and the care quality commission .
both deny fraud at northampton crown court .'
family-man jon bon jovi : ` no comment ' at this stage .
near-pornographic images on shows such as x factor partly to blame .
punishment was for seven-year-old failing to learn prats of koran by heart .
mr xi , 59 , is one of the .
mr roberts , who has survived a stroke and four heart operations , said he must have moved the badge while struggling to get out of the car .
jets coach rex ryan called anonymous comments ` cowardly '
 julie-ann clyma 's husband roger payne , 55 , was killed with eight others when they were swept off mont maudit by a 500ft wide block of snow .
number out of work falls by 49,000 to 2.51 million .
 bbc broadcaster admits his wife is ` very cross ' with him .
both dumped him when they found out about each other in december .'
indian authorities say gender test shows gold medallist is genetically male .
hughes , from , ross-on-wye , herefordshire , was jailed for nine years .'
 prince likely to be sent back to frontline in afghanistan .
illness causes dangerously .
when staff arrived , he tried answering in lady 's voice .
 dorothy rugg-easey , 71 , and her former stablehand gemma beavis , 36 , fell out over a disagreement on who owned a valuable pure bred mare .
 fred dixon , 18 , and david aston-brown , 20 , have been jailed for three years .
 ofcom hired more than twice number of staff it let go .
 tablet to go on sale on october 26th , the same day microsoft launches its windows 8 computer software .
microsoft tablet comes with cover that doubles as a keyboard .
 more than 150,000 signatures collected to return the painting to the uffizi museum .
ryan poston , 29 , was found shot dead in his condominium .
astronauts also installed debris shields to the international space station during six hour spacewalk .
women are ` woefully under-represented on television ' , ms miller said .
 amy woodward-davis was found wrapped in newspaper in a burning trash pile after her teenage mother panicked .
he conned three wealthy businessmen who were james bond fans .
 badabing !
couple paid more than $ 1.9 million in taxes on $ 13,696,951 of income .
donated twice the amount of obama , adjusted for income and per centage .
the leopard was crouching , hidden in the grass so the herd of impala did not notice it .
fireman ` hired friend and vagrant noel stevens who struck her so hard the hammer broke off handle ' .
 new york mother-of-two tammy palmer , 39 , shot dead on monday .
with the titanic , failed his navigation test on the first attempt .
 david and charles koch are well-known republican supporters .
 frank and jamie mccourt filed for divorce in 2010 after 30 years of marriage .
 israel have tried to avoid the conflict but retaliated to mortar attack with ` direct hit ' on vehicle .
 a man , 34 , and woman , 29 , have been arrested in connection with the fire in allenton , derby on may 11 .
signs say ` merkel nazi , go away ! '
gypsy taub , a plaintiff , stripped while making an appearance at a public hearing relating to the law .'
 emily hawksworth had remained silent until the attack a year ago , when she was 17 .
her father robert plied her with wine at his home last year before putting her to bed and climbing in beside her .
 strong selection of songs and varied dance routines .
 airlines have painted moustaches on the noses of their jets in support of the popular movember appeal .
the bombing .
owner graeme hart faces having to rebuild parts of home , set in 1,200 acres , at a cost of millions .
killed in insider attacks this year - half of them american .
killings are suspected to be the work of a random , deranged killer , prosecutors say .
father fell while walking in lake district with his daughter .
aimed at over-50s once targeted by former stations saga and melody radio .'
 driver rammed vehicles , weaved between cars and travelled wrong way down the road in high-speed chase .
the doctor responsible has since retired and can not be reached .
no doctor in arizona has agreed to help , unsure of how to fix it safely .'
 the ss united states is rusting away in a philadelphia mooring .
the couple reunited at the exclusive loulou 's club in mayfair .
first and second class stamps would be replaced by one costing 53p .
each figure will travel to the local community of the victim it depicts .
 cleveland man tom pavelka , 56 , has a credit score of 848 out of 850 .
google wo n't reveal exactly how it knows users may be under threat .
 mars planning group consults on different ways to bring soil back to earth .
 myprotein brand of liquid eggs associated with seven cases of poisoning .
 incredible image shows mountain 's uncanny resemblance to albert einstein .
dozens heckle security van carrying bridger as it arrives at court .
sharp , one of three firms believed to be making the screens , is behind schedule .
freddie mac says it had no idea of the home 's history .
kill bill star was arrested last august during a pipeline protest .'
 planet is first to be found not tied by gravity to a star .
visit david 's blog here .
has a ten-month-old daughter with new york woman .
 the dawsonville moonshine distillery is brewing its first batches of legal moonshine in dawsonville , georgia 's city hall .
 government buildings targeted by israeli jets .
the enigma was the .
jobless dancer watters described as ` tragic figure '
after spending weeks restoring an old , abandoned church , thomas 's cancer is in remission .
` hello !
 sarah teather has condemned the benefits cap as ` immoral ' .
 april vanished on october 1 and has now been missing for seven weeks .
police searching to north of machynlleth , wales , where she disappeared .'
 the bishop of shrewsbury , the rt rev mark davies attended st james the great rc .
 cover girl is journalism graduate bree warren from models 1 + .'
 ginsburg lost his battle with pancreatic cancer .
 spherical video camera allows viewer to switch angles as recorded footage unfolds .
in good condition it would rent for up to # 475 a month .
claimed to have millions of members worldwide , though defectors and other critics say figure is no more than 100,000 .
app is controlled by special audio tones in the music being played on stage .'
mr vegosen 's father is the president of the u.s. tennis association .
 the boy 's father is using it to highlight anti-social issues facing boscombe .
victim 's boyfriend clayton whittemore charged with second-degree murder .
nbc have 437,000 viewers less than last year .
hostages were rescued after operation involving more than 100 soldiers .'
reservation on a34 and overturned .
the third series is being filmed in dubrovnik , ireland and iceland .
 first ever christmas tasting menu lunch at his restaurant the fat duck , west berkshire .
some of the stars currently ` self employed ' at the bbc include jeremy paxman and newsreader fiona bruce .
panels are 4ft by 6ft in size - part of a $ 500 million project .
funeral at manchester cathedral after emotional procession through city .
 barrie and tony drewitt-barlow have had five children by a surrogate .
fire crews rescued them from the lane in chelmsford , essex , yesterday .
 food lover ben brusey compiles 224-page book of funny restaurant names .
 germaine gardea , 38 , charged with bigamy after his two wives find out about each other .
restaurant in waikiki , hawaii .
 police from uttoxeter being sent to cover stoke-on-trent on mondays .
 jeremie calo and tiffany barganier had sex on patio of paddy murphy 's in orlando , florida .
 country is two years from deploying subs .
over fakes .
 received # 2.7 million from the firm last year .
 eight regional winners recognised at the annual police bravery awards .
the request follows a series of near misses outside the primary school .'
 girlfriend omarosa stallworth is said to have performed cpr .
 noel polanco , 22 , was chased by unmarked police car as he drove home .
mohammed kayes hussain , 28 , and son-in-law mohammed aziz , 21 , were jailed for their part in the exorcism .
 patricia crawley , 33 , has been acquitted of attempted murder and aggravated assault .
doctors told family jacob had a healthy brain in february this year .'
wiggins handcuffed the occupant and cut off his earlobe .
defect rate as high as 52 per cent in some offspring .
and have there ip address logged within 3 hours of starting a download .
research suggests earthquake was caused by extraction of groundwater .
 president was speaking at new york campaign event .
megan returned to britain on saturday and is now at a secret location .
added cruise planned to see suri ` very soon ' .
downpours left fields waterlogged and much of the crop left to rot .
srebrenica in july 1995 and the shelling and siege of sarajevo .
coppafeel !
pcso is an aspiring underwear model in her spare time .'
 vitamin d , dubbed the sunshine vitamin , is generated by sunlight .
 mother-of-one natalia woolley was jailed for three years for the savage attack .
jury convicted woolley of manslaughter after she claimed self-defence .'
 victorian society asked members of the public to .
 middleton family joined pageant on the elizabethan , a replica of a 19th-century stern-wheeled paddle steamer .
 rex tillerson , the head of the world 's largest oil company , admitted fossil fuels are causing climate change .
97 mature fighting cocks and a cock fighting pit .
 tracy bennett and wayne hamilton were shot in the head outside motel .
she maintains anthonie van borssom oil painting was given to her as a gift .'
 dean verboven apparently sparked blaze as social workers prepared to clear home .
 katie wilson , 19 , paraded through the aisles like a ` catwalk diva ' as she went on a ` terrifying trip ' .
he was also banned from driving for 70 days and fined # 360 .'
2012 .
home secretary theresa may has sanctioned introduction of the ` forum ' bar .
 justin snodin , 40 , was going from louth to horncastle , lincs .
 jennifer .
other items include dust-coated checklist worn by apollo 15 commander .
 psa test not used routinely in the uk because of fears over reliability .
arbabsiar goes to trail in january and faces up to 25 years in prison .
that was what i needed to do .
mother , 28 , six-year-old son and a seven-year-old daughter were injured .
family confirmed the body was hers this morning after two-day search .
the stabbed pupil is in a norwich hospital in a stable condition .'
 adam hammill , 24 , bailed following alleged assault outside liverpool vodka bar .'
 shelley wealleans turned down the opportunity to donate the organs of her first baby , lewis , when he died from a heart defect .
now mother is campaigning for more people to become organ donors .'
 richard weston was attacked in the street by three men .
ted ammon going through bitter divorce when he was murdered in 2001 .
the gang headed over the border from germany to poland .'
two-thirds of british teenagers are knitters , according to survey .'
 eve , 9 , suffered a brain bleed in february 2011 , which left her with locked-in syndrome .
jailed for 17 years at derby crown court .
 remnants worth tens of thousands of pounds - and up to # 2m fully restored .
mrs coulston has been a 30 per cent chance of survival and her husband has been told he has between three and five years to live .'
 mark bridger , 46 , has been charged with the abduction and murder of the five-year-old , who is yet to be found .
banton should have been with his parole officer but was instead attacking the 91-year-old in broad daylight .'
couple dated for at least a year , but poston 's family said their relationship was rocky and he wanted to end it .
miss ellis 's father : ` she was the life and soul of the party '
found dead after steel tycoons stopped her inheriting husband 's wealth .
 halifax mp .
the judge said a jail sentence was inevitable for blake .'
` catastrophic ' injuries have left ` peacemaker ' mr bowling needing further surgery on his skull .
 experts say ` broken world ' that followed the permian-triassic mass extinction meant no life for five million years in a huge ` dead zone ' .
parts of scotland could see up to 5cm of snow and north-east up to 2cm .
now under fire for allegedly posing as his lawyer to visit him in jail .
 tessara and samantha crespi were killed by their father david in 2006 .
inmates pictured on prison roof with rifles during stand-off with police , who said they have arrested five escaped prisoners .
children found cell phone four miles from heichel 's home .
 home care manager kacy-jo frasca , 23 , returned a faulty iphone to 3 mobile .
 stores were already planning to be open thanksgiving .
he says he feels guilty of ` betraying ' the pope , who he ` loves like a son ' .
judge orders investigation into claims he was kept in tiny cell with lights on .
 unidentified friend told police mother screamed one final question as he bludgeoned her to death .
 card giant to disable cashpoints around olympic venues so customers only use visa .
 victim 's boyfriend clayton whittemore arrested for second-degree murder .
going to the camp , fighting in the war , and fighting discrimination - .
 sarah thomson had no memory of her husband or three children .
the unidentified man was airlifted to the royal sussex county hospital in brighton , where he later died .'
 images were commissioned by cosmopolitan in aid of charity coppafeel !
 nun entered convent on same day pope benedict xvi was born .'
organization claimed one-sixth of the world 's population were undernourished in 2009 .
garage .'
christopher halliwell escaped justice for her murder following police blunder .
 pc stephen hudson quit his job after 12 years of service .
court heard it was 47-year-old 's birthday and she had been drinking at home .
 image uncannily like that of neil armstrong 's footprint on the moon .
mr seymour died about two months after his appearance on the show , at 96 years old .
comes a week after it emerged he left his eldest child behind in a pub .
i hope my constituents and friends will not recognise the hideous caricature that has been .
convoy veterans have been offered russia 's ushakov medal for valour .
a court heard harries felt bullied after he reported workmates he claimed to have seen drinking before working on a rail line .
 andrew thompson was ` full of bravado ' while drinking .
 melanie swan-horton 's dramatic weight loss was due to bowel cancer .
 american woman was hotel guest at swissotel the stamford in singapore .
plummeted 60 stories and landed on parapet of 24-hour starbucks in mall complex .
 diana dudas , 52 , was reported missing in almeria in andalucia .
 gregory allnutt bought tax-free goods from eu .
 adrian ernest bayley , 41 , has been charged with the rape and murder of irish national jill meagher in melbourne , australia .
chamois is a european mountain goat / / tuft is worn in austria and germany .
 katie ward awarded # 80,000 damages last year after slicing off index finger .
claim her dreams of pursuing career making film sets has been destroyed .'
 millionaire admitted driving 32mph above the speed limit and was fined # 1330 .
said it would make sense to expand airports with existing infrastructure .
 paul peters broke into 18-year-old madeleine pulver 's # 8m sydney home .
the bar called her allegations ` bordering on fanciful '
 four french girls were targeted after they starting singing a song in french .
co-operative blamed a ` technical error ' for the embarrassing blunder .
 this scowling silverback mountain gorilla was captured yawning and settling down for a snooze on a rainy day in rwanda .
 mr holmes and ruth langsford co-present itv 's this morning on fridays .
annette mackenzie met mr black on facebook two years ago but they only saw each other in person for first time in december .
 christopher weatherhead , 24 , alleged to have masterminded attacks .
wanted to fund a drugs rehab course for his son .
he was ` gobsmacked ' to learn the plants were worth # 12,000 .
pastor ` true significance of christmas has been lost ' for businesses .
thousands were detained there between 1951 and 1989 but the site was never noted on east german maps .
they were kept in strict isolation so that they felt at the mercy of the almighty .
linscott 's family believe she may be in danger with dow .
both alleged victims insist crawford is not the man who brutally assaulted them on barbados in 2010 .
 janet kirby , 62 , stranded in spain after being barred from flight .
 two humanoid robots have been trialled with autistic pupils at a birmingham school since may .
hamas fell short of claiming responsibility for the attack .'
18 year-old soldier received a funeral with full military honours .
 jack baird , 2 , has a deadly sanfilippo condition which has no cure .
 xavier dupont de ligonnes could be hiding underground .
protection for its weight and class and can reach speeds of 80mph .
 bbc comedian , 46 , apologises to former tory politician for retweeting name .
 100 artefacts brought together to mark 200th anniversary of his birth .
she described the birth of twins mercedes and guadalupe as a ` miracle '
he painted over outlines drawn by assistant johnny dunthorne .
 malala yousafzai is being treated in birmingham after being shot in pakistan .
the new version will feature a footballer , socialite , journalist and therapist among the suspects .
 body discovered by a police officer on a routine patrol on friday morning .
clash is now on leave from the show and plans to fight the allegations .
 jann nirmal , 39 , wanted to scare neighbours in the lancashire town of leyland .
 clive crittenden stole some # 1 coins before sitting down with the book .
 g\xc3\xa9rard payeur , 64 , and his grandson nicolas died in quebec .
 sgt.
lucas de lima alves knew he had a long-lost brother and told his teacher .
 visitors to birmingham 's frankfurt christmas fair hear tune at carousel .
 zoo owned by celebrity interior designer and her husband fined over serious health and safety breaches .
yet his facebook page includes inspirational quotes from noted thinkers .
but when the gene srpk is missing , they can not do this , say edinburgh scientists .
association of british insurers warns negotiations reached ` crisis point '
 brother of country singer arrested last week .
 preserved skull belonged to young adult two-horned rhino aged 10 to 15 .
arrested in may 2010 facing ` aiding the enemy ' charges .
police have no idea who the newlyweds are .'
competing page ` hire lindsey stone ' was created in support of the 30-year-old , only receiving 39 likes .
her father , peter stone , called the pose a ` total lapse of judgement ' .
competing page ` hire lindsey stone ' was created in support of the 30-year-old , only receiving 39 likes .
amazing moment happened in kenya 's maasai mara national reserve .
 portfolio manager nigel parsons faced court today .
he pleaded guilty to voyeurism after his iphone was spotted by a colleague .
public service trade union unison is concerned with how it happened during the recruitment process .
he faces 25 years to life in prison when he is sentenced next month .'
one in five are aged between six and 11 , study finds .
residents call it ` madness ' and one has erected his own postbox on another street .
the mexican suffers from rare condition that covers his face with hair .
 albert the orangutan loves jane austen classic , according to zookeeper .
 lasha horton , 23 , attacked by another woman at her home in nottingham .
tetrus telecoms sent millions of compensation claim texts over three years .
brady was found dead on friday alongside cousin haile kifer , 18 .
rejecting a contract offer that cut wages and benefits .
he was due to appear as father christmas at his local museum .
 mallory owens severely beaten after thanksgiving dinner in mobile , alabama .
he ca n't be charged with hate crime , as alabama does not include sexual orientation among bias offenses .
 study by french ministry of agriculture reveals major fall in consumption .
he is not allowed to own any recording equipment , including a mobile phone .'
she complained to thomson after she was disappointed with her hotel room .
he ca n't be charged with hate crime , as alabama does not include sexual orientation among bias offenses .
dancer and model delly madrid smashed her head when the bamboo broke .
 benjamin johnson iii and three children - ages 4 , 8 , and 9 - died in blaze .
stevens , 29 , who plays matthew crawley , is rumoured to be leaving .'
 terry claims he was sarcastically repeating a slur ferdinand thought he used .
wednesday .
he accused wife of turning children against him and vows to keep fighting .'
 james cagle of caldwell , idaho , said a kindergarten teacher locked his .
the room is used for tutoring , where aides work with students one-on-one and also used for emotionally impaired students , when a child needs to be removed from a class .
 sexist and racist messages found on ucla 's campus .
 ian hope , 53 , knifed sarah gosling , 41 , in her chest , severing artery .
u.s. dating website 's slogan is ` life is short .
 book will be released on april 30th 2013 by publisher harpercollins .
 michael mccarthy was answering calls at the nhs hotline in cheshire when he was overheard by bosses making a catalogue of inappropriate comments .'
 belcher shot his 22-year-old girlfriend and mother of his child kasandra perkins on saturday morning .
 britain will probably abstain from voting on whether a palestinian state should be granted higher official status .
 john wiggins spent 13 years on the amazing structure .
their five-bed bungalow in little billington , bedfordshire , was damaged .
all her work is inspired by nature - such as bugs , flowers and trees .'
it is believed mr johnson 's family will not be issuing a statement at this time .
 decade-long theory jefferson fathered eston hemings .
vandalism and robberies reported at san diego-area homes and businesses .
tens of thousands chased a few thousand jobs at chongqing jobs fair .
east germany 's communist government turned most of lauscha 's glassworks into state-owned concerns after world war ii .
thirty-three of 50 subjects showing signs of cte had played in the nfl .
two bodies were found 30 feet apart , fabi with a self-inflicted gunshot wound .'
 red sandstone cliff in sidmouth is part of the dorset and east devon world heritage site .
a third is on trial at the moment after hiding in birmingham and bradford .'
depicts ship as she was on jan 19 , 1805 precisely at 3.45 pm .
thomas , 34 , carried out the murder suicide just five months after son , 2 , was returned to her custody .
 jiao xinzhen says she breastfeeds animals for husband huang aiqing .
 tilly fitzpatrick had been left on her mother 's bed .
 amateur photographer bob carter captured perfect image of a flying seagull with a vapour trail .
taylor , now 60 , was today convicted of murdering miss mcgrath 33 years ago after being arrested following a cold case review .
nasuwt union : ` it will be bad for children 's education and bad for the teaching profession ' .
 david cassidy and wife sue shifrin 's tenants have not paid rent since august , it was reported .
police say grant ` raped women at knifepoint at various massage parlors in seattle area ' .
 lafayette hall from north carolina 's sampson correctional institution has been suspended .
thieves stole arizona family 's decorations that were put up at thanksgiving .
designer was out at art opening in miami last night .'
previously served on board of hotel company .
 pc andy hall , 38 , posted humorous and bizarre comments on greater manchester police twitter feed .
midfielder substituted before la galaxy claim victory over san jose earthquakes .'
 collection of 500 bulbs belonged to lighting engineer bill carlton .
two united airlines flights had to return to tarmac at new jersey airport last weekend .'
the girl , who has the .
 cresentla ragonton worked for italian financier giuseppe ciardi for 6 years .
 terrell horne iii of redondo beach was pronounced dead after a smuggler 's vessel rammed his small boat off the southern california coast .
watson has been on unpaid leave from job since arrest and is likely to have contract terminated this month .'
her organs will be donated to five children awaiting transplants .
lights have raised # 22,000 for local air ambulance .'
 wang chenggen fell face-first onto the huge metal hook .
her aristocratic partner richard wellesley has paid back her benefits bill .
they are still ` discriminated ' against across europe .
 camera was owned by life magazine photographer david douglas duncan .
 richard straw , 28 , died when he was hit by the train but his daughter .
 activists strip in city hall to protest controversial nudity ban .
cubesats are a kind of satellite measuring just 10cm x 10cm x 10cm .
he left a note behind saying he needed to be with ` his princess ' .
he was also the main suspect in the disappearance of their mother susan .
 rev richard lee suspended from post at two churches after arrest .
adoptive parents say they plan to appeal the judge 's decision .
biography says valerie trierweiler was the mistress of president francois hollande and ex-minister patrick devidjian whilst she was married .
it follows ms trierweiler 's sacking from glossy magazine paris match this week .
the 58-year-old president first underwent cancer surgery for an unspecified type of pelvic cancer in cuba in june 2011 .
previously made promises to consult on the issue .
speculation that the dead may have been fleeing north korea .
it comes on same day cathay .
wife jo , 35 , went into labour with baby grace two months early as she waited at his bedside for him to recover .
he said they were ` heavy handed ' .
kicked by players from amsterdam team nieuw sloten .
 the female recruit fainting during the passing out parade at bogota police headquarters in colombia .
they spent thousands to get the points which were worth # 200 .
 admitted to hospital the day after thanksgiving with a lingering cough and doctors had feared he could develop pneumonia .
 german-owned supplier will put gas and electricity prices up on january 18 .
families on dual fuel contract will pay an extra # 103 on average annual bill .'
 border police stopped luis bracamontes entering u.s. from mexico .
and chest catheter placed after developing an infection .
average sales tax is 15.97 % , higher than european average of 15.5 % .
 gang of men tossed petrol bomb in unmarked vehicle .
 jack mccullough was convicted last week of the murder and abduction of ridulph , age 7 , in illinois .
 rfk jr reportedly ready to make cheryl hines his third wife .
sydney-based station has also cancelled christmas party .
the pair bonded over disabilities before deciding to get married .
baby ulfat is perfectly healthy with no signs of her father 's condition .
most tweeted moments dominated by olympics , euro 2012 and x factor .
 artist valeriya kutsan created 15 pieces for weird beauty collection .
works feature recognisable logos and symbols .'
 david cameron hits back at heckles from the shadow chancellor during prime minister 's questions .
the church going teenager was playing on a swing when he ` became entangled in the rope '
girl 's .
darren owen wanted to surprise family by decorating home as they were out .
manziel is currently dating fellow aggie sarah savage .
 the german chancellor is said to be on a collision course with cameron .
 the fa will introduce ethnic quotas for referees and coaches early in the new year .
 david tait , 25 , had played for scotland and premiership rugby .
 international team finds ships elizabeth and delight off the panama coast .
 thief david archer , 57 , has more than 300 offences on his file .
archer , who claims to have spent 28 years in prison , was jailed yesterday .
six girls were trying craze at meadowhead school when death happened .
in 1955 he became the first newsreader to be seen on screen .
mother says she was ` bright and creative ' but compared herself to others .
carmen gabriela miron-buchacra , 28 , can be heard pleading for her life .
montgomery was a worker at the casa del mar care facility in penryn , but had since left the job .
she lured maritza ramirez-cruz to her house and then attacked her with a knife to cut the fetus out .
 the ruling brings to an end a 46-year tradition in sutton , south london .
new syrian coalition opposition approved by more than 100 nations .
had been dancing to korean youtube hit just minutes before he collapsed .
family of the missing girl at the scene during search .'
shows weekend of celebrations to mark queen 's 60 years on throne .
 chris maynard uses eye-surgery tools to cut the complex shapes .
in santa fe suvs -lrb- model years 2007 to 2009 -rrb- , front passenger air bag may not deploy in a crash .
no word on who will play the romneys or paul ryan at this stage .
police uncovered ` suspicious ' evidence near her body .
but it had not defined what the term meant , leading to an abuse of the law .
 student got on tracks and chased train for a mile after it left without her .
34-year-old lancashire woman stopped train coming in opposite direction .
29-year-old recruited girls to work in flats .
he ca n't be charged with hate crime , as alabama does not include sexual orientation among bias offenses .
 anton geiser , 88 , claims he was forced to join the ss as a 17-year-old .
sgt bob lilley escaped an enemy camp in libya during second world war .
 new nhs figures show 33.9 per cent of year six pupils weigh more than they should .
after public pressure , it will pay # 20million to the treasury over the next two years .
branson tries to bet ba boss willie walsh # 1m that airline will flourish .
 council wants to demolish school as part of # 3.5 m improvement bid .
 supermarket 's new advert shows a child feeding the dessert to a dog .
 former world number 2 tennis player andrea jaeger traveled to scotland after 16 children shot in dunblane school massacre in 1996 .
 mother helped daughter take 3 nude photos to send to 31-year-old ` family friend . '
 conservation group wwf warns there is rising demand for rhino horn .
 pope benedict xvi used an ipad to post first tweet from personal account .
both colorado and washington voted on nov. 7 to legalize the recreational use and sale .
he was charged with imprisoning men against their will , police said tonight .'
has been spotted feasting on leftover carvery in pub bins .
they had been married less than a year when he fell in tulsa , oklahoma .
raymond wickett and jacqueline perkins did it to ` make people smile '
dispute dates back to bank holiday pay agreement in 1992 .
mother denise said disappearance is very ` out of character ' .
 ross smith changed invoices then paid by star developers christian and nick candy .
the male teacher is now being investigated by birmingham council .
 45 % of britons will lose 21 hours of sleep this week in the run up to christmas day .
more than 100 catholics have been praying , lighting candles and singing hymns at the kuala lumpur medical centre .
 borough of lewisham fined # 70,000 after papers were left on train .
 nine states executed inmates in 2012 , the lowest number in 20 years .
# 6 leopard briefs most popular , with three pairs sold every minute .
animal rights group said the sentence is ` derisory '
 hannah white , 29 , was bitten while doing press-ups in london park .
treatment left pores open before tint was applied .
tunisia .
michael delaney needed surgery after accidentally swallowing them .
one passenger on board the liner , which was touring europe 's christmas markets , described the trip as a ` cruise to hell ' .
 the veteran broadcaster was arrested at his home in wilmslow , cheshire at 8am this morning .
 taylor .
 us artist mark jenkins has created the street installations to ` get people to look up from their mobile phones ' .
her mother becky shreenan , of coventry , has been campaigning for the changes .'
the hire car driver , 68 , has been arrested and bailed .'
african fish eagle renowned for its distinctive call .
admitted to crying while testifying during trial of his alleged accomplice in brooklyn bank raid .
16-year-old charged with owning bomb manual the terrorist handbook .
mps set to probe britain 's use of unmanned aerial vehicles -lrb- uavs -rrb- .
anger that coffee giant been allowed to cut a deal and pay a ` voluntary ' # 10million a year .
sibery 's wife standing by him .
 laura hill , from pembrokeshire , wales , was found hanged at a retail park .
miss hodkin had argued that she was a victim of ` religious discrimination ' .
 andrew evans injured his head in the lead up to his death in west sussex .
more and more civilians try to arm themselves in 21-month-old conflict .
police said they discovered 9,000 different card accounts on a computer .
 woman is seriously hurt in random sword attack in north london .
by mcdonnell .
 the drama unfolded at the o'neill building on 6th ave on christmas day .
 the topic for this year 's christmas lectures is the modern alchemist .
 victim was abused up to 20 times in the classroom by his fifth-grade teacher .
` now she is a real angel in heaven ' , say her devastated parents .
police have said they were attacked and acted in self defence .'
 tobacco advertising and sale to under 18s also banned .
` he died trying to save my life , ' lane said of her boyfriend .
 south african president re-elected as leader of african national congress .
 stephen johnson was banned from nursing for life by a disciplinary panel .
johnson had already resigned as deputy manager at the mental health unit .
 communities secretary eric pickles to spend less on the organisation .
internet .
the christmas message , part of operation resolution , is aimed at making criminals mend their ways in the new year .'
 michael bennison , 28 , was arrested in york last night .
owner trevor hill spent hours crafting it in his workshop .
now the six-month-old reindeer will lead the festive procession .'
drivers wanting org45m registration will have to pay # 135,000 .'
police believe the driver stopped at an earlier incident but left when officers arrived on the scene .'
but they were left red-faced when end of the world failed to materialise .'
 great-grandmother eliza woolhouse bought the two-foot tree in 1932 .'
 thousands of devotees have flocked to the village of bugarach , france .
doomsday followers believe the mountain will be safe from the apocalyse .
thousands take to the streets in anger after student is raped .
 ewan williamson collapsed in western australia while out hiking with his father .
greater manchester police receive an average 1,371 calls each day .'
 46 guests at mendip spring golf club in somerset suffered food poisoning .
male student ` accidentally ' shot her while showing off his gun .
 appeared at isleworth crown court under real name kathleen stark .
he has filed papers demanding phone records be kept .
three people attempted to rescue the woman who suffered head injuries .'
realms .'
husband , .
air force believes pin-ups are contributing to a rise in sexual assaults .
users take to twitter to vent their frustration .
flood of super-rich french fleeing president francois .
family-man jon bon jovi : ` no comment ' at this stage .
 megan edwards , 22 , sprint legend during photoshoot to unveil jamaica 's kit .
 the air bagan plane crash landed in a paddy field in heavy fog .
he says his escape started with an undercover arrival in belize city and involved a look-alike who changed his name to ` john mcafee ' .
 stephen cross drove from colorado to arizona to pick up savannah 's body .
the low figure was despite appearances from kylie minogue and rita ora .
meanwhile , flu cases highest in children aged five to 14 , says hpa .
fly swatter was used in attack on timothy kilpatrick .
 couple wed in may 2011 on a mountain in alaska .
 nicole and ian hockley called dylan 's teachers were ` exceptional women ' .
mr walker and girlfriend cathy herse said their goodbyes and buried the dog .
mr mooney born in glasgow and moved to australia in 1993 .
nurse jacintha saldanha found dead after transferring hoax call .
labour says it is ` shocking ' it takes more staff than to stop tax avoidance .
others include art attack , press gang , the raggy dolls and children 's ward .
 vanessa chango-alvarez tragically killed at bus stop in streatham , london .
two men found clinging to capsized boat and taken to hospital .
 charlotte was confined to a wheelchair aged 11 and told to ` just get on with it ' .
 since december 2011 prisoners from within the eu can be forced to serve their sentence in their home country .
 michael clement was missing for 23 hours after treatment for dehydration .
the property was on the market for sale last year for a whopping $ 90million -lrb- # 56million -rrb- .'
27 million people win prizes in a country where one in four are jobless .'
 president .
across-the-board tax increases and deep spending cuts .
monday if a budget deal can not be agreed upon .
she says that an ` alkaline diet ' kept her strength up during chemotherapy .
 the intense indian sport of kambala features chariot racing with buffaloes .
 ashlie alewine , 22 , and nakilya wright , 18 , arrested on december 26 .
the first trains set off from the chinese capital this morning .
journey times will be cut from more than 20 hours to just eight hours .'
 faster than a porsche 911 and can do 0-60mph in just 3.9 seconds .
 rachel neely was sent home with a suspension note .
conservative councillor peter britcliffe concerned pupils will ` lose respect '
 tv host bassem youssef , 38 , is one of egypt 's most .
he is accused of .
smashed into anne bater 's car at 70mph on the m3 in basingstoke .
 paul and linda spencer died in the crash just weeks after he got licence .
 sean clements due to appear today at basingstoke magistrates ' court .
when burglar mohammed prince islam came he had him arrested .
 the 18 and 20-year-old men arrested in torquay today .
commission .'
felicia dukes has moved into the home : ` my heart just fills up .
i 'm so happy '
some are unopened leaving bidders having to take a gamble on what 's inside .
the spanish artist 's quirky creations sell for up to # 400 .
sentenced to four years and eight months in a young offenders ' institution .
 riley sheahan , 20 , was busted under michigan 's ` super drunk ' law for allegedly having a .30 blood-alcohol level .
sandusky also says that he will remain focused on his appeal .
olga gofmane and her children were left with # 1.50 for a month after health firm reclaimed the pay .
 county revealed to be biggest readers of the sexually-explicit trilogy .
officer is filmed appearing to knock man 's phone out of his hand .
frighteningly thin women still available , eating disorder charity beat .
 stocks of o negative blood - which can be given to people of different blood groups - are in low supply .
 laurie eberhardt shot in the wrist while standing on a balcony .  '
 phillip westwater was found at the bank gay bar in newcastle .
he is the father of malala yousafzai , who was shot in the head by taliban .
 john sheardown played a pivotal role in the escape of six us fugitives .
she was baptised by the banned name but a priest then said it was an error .
now the first person in britain to receive the hi-tech implant placed under the skin .
 former foreign secretary earns equivalent of # 42,000 a week .
 andy banks , 49 , is thought to have fallen into a drain after dropping his keys .
 the chain describes itself on its website as ` a .
paul sanders apologised to torquay magistrates .
controversial launch comes the week before st patrick 's day .
 dominic and sheila traina lost their home after it was demolished in sandy 's path .
 boat got stuck underneath chertsey bridge in surrey this afternoon .
male driver of the peugeot has been arrested and taken into custody .
 accident occurred saturday after midnight on neshoba county road 107 .
five siblings - and one adult - trapped in the vehicle all drown .
the convicted bank robber now faces an additional five years in prison on an escape wrap .
turner has now been given leave to appeal against his conviction and sentence which emily 's mother described as ` gut-wrenching '
 victim named as experienced skydiver david ball from edinburgh .
 filmmakers shot 70 hours of interviews with all 19 living former chiefs of staff .
knight 's wife demanded dismissal after finding hubby 's texts to nelson .
 bank founded in 1741 to shut after paying $ 57.8 m fine .
allegedly had ` inappropriate relationship ' with student in 2004 .
 pensioner was found dead in her nightwear outside flats this morning .
 wildlife photographer captured the king penguins on south georgia island .
 bank of england warns that small businesses not benefiting from scheme .
mr lomon was the last known british-based survivor from the brigade .
 bbc2 series africa will see viewers told when scenes not filmed in the wild .
 dr ceri fiddes disturbed would-be burglars at her home in somerset .
 two men in their 20s survive after hitting lamppost in renault clio .
idefix will now nip her ankles and ears for up to half an hour to rouse her .
 former home secretary rails against her party 's welfare policy .
and 55 % of us plan on skipping christmas carols entirely .'
today a massachusetts judge ruled that the $ 20,000 surgery is the ` only adequate treatment ' .
 residents gathered in boulder , colorado on sunday night to say farewell .
picture found on singh 's computer shows him posing with massive sword .
croydon council to consider planning application for 27 pots surrounding the building .'
passenger said driver was ` staring into space ' and hit kerb three times .
but sales of winnie the pooh 's beloved honey is up by 4.1 per cent .
blackburn sr is jailed for 11 years for conspiracy to supply .'
parents raised # 170,000 and she was given all clear in 2010 after treatment .
british farmers banned cruel practice in 1999 .'
 dawn hochsprung died when she tried to stop the shooter at sandy hook .
her husband george , 70 , taught math at the local middle school .
 svetlana ivanchenko carefully sifts and sorts sand and detritus from the beach to create her palette .
in russia .
 landmark trees were being considered for inclusion on heritage register .
polish prosecutors are looking into carl michael von hausswolff 's claims .
boeing 's bright new hope has been besieged by problems from the outset .
electrician says he was attacked by six thugs when they heard his birmingham accent .
the married father of two had only just joined north yorkshire police .
 just 85.3 % of trains arrived on time in december despite 92.5 % target .
kissed each other goodnight and said ' i love you ' every night .  '
 schwarzkopf died in tampa , florida , where he had retired .
 the association of prostitutes in belo horizonte has organised the lessons .
 editor said shoot did not meet vogue health initiative to only use models aged over 16 .
 the ban , in khedar , hisar province , is designed to reduce rapes in the area .
he called on russian leader to ` come out in favour of children '
 theodore lavizzo , 57 , died from his injuries in ohio hospital .
he pleaded not guilty on monday but arkansas prosecutor , van stone , is seeking the death penalty .'
couple were driven 155 miles from kate 's new family home .
 lib dem minister steve webb dismisses complaints that retiring in fifties is no longer an option .
 maureen smith arranged for gang to steal from ex-partner david corridon .
 flight from darwin to perth in australia has to turn back .
one person dead who is not believed to have been part of the dispute .
the 42-year-old stabbed father-of-two ingemar wallin to death in their home using the knife her employer gave her for christmas .
 unique tiebele , burkina faso , is made up of earthen huts decorated with striking geometric patterns .
daniel cleary was supposed to return boys to his ex-wife on dec. 26 , but did n't .
 woman paid $ 220 for dog after she suspected it was stolen .
last night he tweeted : ` your support means the world .
 most people taken ill with norovirus caught the strain sydney 2012 .
 the christmas tsars is an annual tradition in a village in belarus .
obama and romney go head-to-head in presidential debate on wednesday .
smoke covers road and tyres screech as he slows to 23mph in seconds .
table of professions caught speeding features surgeons and barristers .
she was allowed to have 15 ` sins ' a day - a cream cake is 40 sins .
probe now looking at why sam ended up in front of car .'
 shannon magee has rare neurological disorder called kleine-levin syndrome .
 the pioneering group good against bad played their first public gig on friday .
they had to censor their lyrics under the gaddafi regime for fear of reprisals .
two humpbacks were diving for krill at the antarctic peninsula .'
the grandmother was found dead at her home in maplebeck , near newark .
 wwii aircraft blew its front wheel as it touched down after 3.20 pm today .
he says when parents watched cctv it was ` first time i 'd seen them cry '
 florida man , 29 , jumped out of helicopter at 6,500 ft over cascade foothills .
a broken-down train brought hold-ups for passengers in scotland .
curfew restrictions lifted until january 2 for julie crowe and son jack .'
150-year-old waterfront property is one of 50 in the area being demolished .'
he was fined # 340 for damaging the rental car .'
bookmaker said odds of ` phenomenal ' occurrence are 133,225-to-one .
separate occasions about her husband .
jackson estate sold rights to sony music in biggest ever recording deal worth $ 250 million .'
florida man boasted making fruity-flavored moonshine , as well as a variety that tasted like sweet tea .
 police found 1,000 eggs in cabinets - 548 of which were held illegally .
says that it 's unlikely drug cartels can be stopped as long as they stay rich .
 villagers from northeastern india will be allowed to settle in israel .
more than 4.1 million still without power from storm / / 650,000 customers in new york and northern suburbs in the dark .'
the royal managed to stay cool in a patterned dress and beige fascinator .
a national lottery spokesman was unable to confirm or deny rumours .'
made his name crossing the english channel in 2010 .'
 the six-month-old is the newest surviving giant panda born in the us .
 the australian is prepared to go to sweden to face questioning over sex assault allegations .
 eagle piggy-backs on the top of hang glider above stanwell park , australia .
` you cut down and killed a young woman in her prime ' , judge charles byers .
papert , of germany , has described the ice as being as hard as ` concrete '
three masked robbers stole # 25,000 worth of jewellery and cash .
 women 's health specialist dr iris tong agrees hrt is very effective at reducing symptoms .
now rescuers hope to restore his sight through surgery .'
now his birth father says that he loves his son and wants to talk to him .'
since then she has spent # 45,000 on legal disputes with birmingham city council .
 the veteran broadcaster visited death row at indiana state prison .
north korea said december 12 launch was to put a satellite in space .
their aunt bushra tazarib , 32 , was also killed in the same crash .
santuary owners pat hartley and jane wright say they are ` overwhelmed ' .
ron was reunited with the ape for the first time in 20 years at bristol zoo .
 frank cook made his exiled second wife the main beneficiary of his will .
tesco already has a partnership with indian supermarket tata 's star bazaar .
no weddings have been cancelled in the wake of the sandy hook shootings .'
 john ward , 55 , admitted to having had a sexual relationship with the girl .'
school teacher thought the feat would bring her fame and fortune .
police had threatened to charge her manager with manslaughter if she died .
mr kershaw was airlifted to hospital but died from his injuries on sunday .
soldier was dropped off on a-road when he was struck by coach at 50mph .
he was jailed in notorious matamoros state prison in tamaulipa , mexico .
she said it came after they had been charged with murdering barry reeve .
she has had more than 50 painful operations and wears a blonde wig .
she cheated on me .
the 43-year-old lost everything in the home including three of the family 's pet dogs and a tortoise .
couple has a ` pre-nup ' and neither side will reportedly require alimony .
 in an often intolerant world , the buchlyvie inn in stirling has become a haven for gladys , linda , kira , carla , liz and tanya .'
cumbria police said they are not treating the death as suspicious .
the 18 human heads were from outside u.s. , their destination unconfirmed .
the study revealed that 12 per cent of people have no ambitions at all .
son was arrested after cops found empty casket inside of a van .
 cindy gallop 's site makelovenotporn.tv features home videos of real couples having sex .
luckily they only damaged soft tissue and she is not brain damaged .'
chocolate is recession proof because we turn to it as a treat .'
china had the lowest number of laureates and of milk consumption .'
many dogs severely malnourished and had open sores .
car crushed mr campbell under wheels as he was opening gates to house .
4g network will bring broadband speeds to mobile phones .
statistics have raised concerns at the training of doctors from abroad .'
 the recordings were sent out to 50,000 people by a children 's charity .
christopher gibbons claims the spaniel was barking at his rabbits .
another .
 liz knight , 26 , lost more than 13st and is now a slim size 14 .
 a 26-year-old man has been arrested on suspicion of murder .
miller already has a 4-year-old child with chanel johnson .
if they do n't do it in six months their sentences will be increased by a further of 16 years .
 tony mccluskie claims to have no memory of killing his sister .
 the nike-made shirts featured the slogan greatness has been found .'
 study reveals the true extent of the gender pay gap in britain .
 gerhard menzel , 89 , says he was tortured at bad nenndorf near hanover .
the ` log ' is the second most common position , adopted by those with rigid personalities , according to the study by a body language expert .
 the 34-year-old hopes to qualify for the giant slalom event at the sochi olympics in russia next year .
a representative said her custom was ` not wanted ' and told her to ` p *** off '
 poirot investigates is also first story to feature his name in the title .
dr ashraf kamal elnazir is accused of bleeding her of # 1m estate .
says evidence is contained in recordings held by boston college .
designed by seward johnson , it weighs 17 tons and measures 7.9 metres .'
instead suggests incorporating 9 superfoods into your meals .
 mohammed khan and shajah rehman were racing .
 charles woods , father of seal tyrone , sharply criticises president .
loss .'
he had covered her badly decomposed body with plastic and clothes .
 bingo 's hooves grew to six inches long and turned up at the ends .
 sophie and jack fletcher had never run away from home before .
shipment of foodstuffs had arrived on cargo flight from jamaica .
gang ` kept them chained up to take their benefit cheques ' .
she gets orthopaedic care in la and lives active life .
shriners asks her las vegas family to be ambassadors .'
labour mp keith vaz warns of obesity epidemic .'
 reports of a break-up between rashad and former model sale johnson erupted last week .
 retail giant 's spending on private jets for senior staff reached new high last year .
 mario thomas pisani , an aide to george osborne , has been cautioned for drunkenly abusing bouncers .
 anna johnson 's body found beneath bridge on m9 motorway in scotland .
 skylar coulcer-jarding snatched from oregon home at 6am on wednesday .
the two sisters , two of five nuns in the wheeler family , died aged 98 and 96 last week .
he has returned four medals to the prince of wales in disgust .'
 grandmother val robson , 56 , gets through about 180 items a day .
 five of the suspects arrive at fast-track court for opening arguments .
scots could be denied say on eu membership if they back independence .
uk presidency of the g8 in 2013 will lead global move to target tax avoidance .
 hirst is the third person to be asked to stylise the trophy .
was inspired to use technique by the ` gun culture ' he grew up in .
mother-of-two hughes , a staff nurse for 28 years , jailed today for 12 weeks .'
they were amused to find the ` blood ' was simply a bottle of cough mixture .
 mexican tycoon 's stock drops nearly 10 per cent .
 dossier , called fire book , has drawing of animals strapped with explosives .
he thought they were toys until one moved as he tried to touch it .
rare meta bourneti spider is one of the largest found in britain .'
puts him at risk of cancer and other illnesses such as enlarged body parts .
her doctor says there is no active trace of crohn 's in her body any more .
sources say the group could hold auditions for a fifth member .
 he has threatened an injuction against producers of channel 4 programme .
but she claims # 20k for second home as her constituency is in kent .
the musician has two grand pianos worth # 30,000 in his home - but was given a # 99 plastic keyboard to play .
mr banning has pick 's disease , which is similar to alzheimer 's and needs 24 hour care .
family raising # 10,000 to take callum to u.s for pioneering treatment .'
 bill and melina gates foundation to give $ 750m to the global fund .
eighth-floor apartment boasts panoramic views of hyde park and knightsbridge .
beckham gained 57,000 twitter followers during new york fashion week .
perfection '
her affliction was so severe it water-damaged mobile phones and laptops .'
stylish knee-length outfit was teamed with pointed orange heels from zara .
she takes chemotherapy drugs as this stops the immune system from attacking the joints .
 13 % of girls born in 1951 expected to reach 100 compared to 40 % born now .
 scientists in the us have found the secret to fighting the flab may lie in the brain .
 islam bhati , 37 , from rajasthan in india has put his two-year-old goat on the market with a whopping # 128,000 price tag for eid al-adha festival .
 rebeckah vaughan says it is the ` ginger gene ' that ` really messes you up ' .
all 50 of the world 's dreamliners owned by eight airlines now grounded .
headteacher says school rules are ` clear ' regarding ` unnatural ' styles .
flexi-time would not just be available to working parents or carers .'
 video taken by cameras strapped to the back of ad\xc3\xa9lie penguins in waters off the coast of antarctica .
mod said his death was not thought to be the result of hostile action .
sinclair has been in the army for 27 years and served in first gulf war .
professionals .
during the first 24 weeks in all treatment .'
 pm 's wife wore piece during christmas jumper day at charity event .
 basildon university hospital under fire after child was given out-of-date medication .
 the m6 motorway was closed in lancashire on friday night .
 nechemya weberman , 54 , was convicted on all .
 steven lock , 43 , was last week cleared of causing mother-of-three abh .
 a prank saw nathan wilkins , 13 , and kyle robson , 14 , stuck together .
 crystal morrison called a friend to pick her up from work on august 23 , but took off on foot before they arrived .
nose is missing and face is covered with scabs .
 brandon santana was found at a pal 's bronx abode on friday afternoon .
master bedroom still shows off pictures of bethenny and ex-husband jason hoppy in happier times .
queen elizabeth was crowned at westminster abbey on june 2 1953 .'
 fabrice muamba is said to be ` elated ' at wife shauna 's pregnancy .
walker who discovered the damage said it was a ` beautiful irony ' .
he stopped to pick up a stranded classmate on the way to school .
trio were separated from their mother during recent downpours and floods .
 convicted paedophile michael crombie , 75 , jailed for a further three years .
 doctor shot dead inside room where police also found the shooter , who was taken into custody .
 cctv shows man leaping off platform to save his football from tracks .
 company makes ` less than # 1million ' profit from premium 0845 numbers .
includes ` product details ' and a customer review section .
 woman shows prison where she was locked up and lashed for letting veil fall .
 trooper kelley helleson will lose her job after probing the private parts of two female motorists .
thief christopher taylor , 27 , was advertising stolen goods on auction sites .
his body was found in his burning house in old glebe , west sussex .
leeds .
kingdom .
 rules introduced by bosses at depot in cheltenham , gloucestershire .
two parisian offices have so far bought them .
 launch of centre for british influence marks a ` patriotic fightback ' .
 some waste has not been collected since new year 's eve , residents claim .
and warned : home fans ' traditional chant is anti-semitic .
 her friend mel gibson shows his support with a wolf-whistle .
 isabel roberts born with tumour on neck that weighed a sixth of her weight .
 tommy carroll , a student at northwestern university , has been skateboarding since he was 10 despite being blind from the age of two .
ossie clark was relaunched at debenhams earlier this month .
 slimpod has been .
former neighbour described him as a ` loving father ' who was ` family orientated '
gypsys must leave the site by march 31 this year after losing high court bid .
 dickon young , 48 , found in garage of home he shared with famous mother .
he threatened to forcibly break up banks that break the rules .
 the manchester united veteran 's 4x4 was stolen .
he sorted out fight with assistant barman shane lee , dressed as buzz .
the lennon arrests all happened in belo horizonte in the past two months .
 80 % of brits admit they regularly glance in estate agent windows to get their property porn fix .
 actress claims she did not realise she was married to javier rigau .
 arizona school suspends daniel mcclaine jr for having image of ak-47 as laptop background .
 bradley walsh jailed for manslaughter aged 19 over killing of pub landlord .
 michael leslie jones , 59 , collapsed near his home after night out with friends .
sentebale means ` forget me not ' - in memory of his late mother .
was last seen walking home alone after drinking with friends at a nightclub .'
 no confirmation yet that observational satellite was working as intended .
 st mary the virgin primary school described as ` excellent ' by inspectors .
fan jumped onto the back of 19-year-old goalkeeper .
ideas generated to match your girlfriend 's personality .
 megan finn was diagnosed with a kidney tumour in 2007 .
she is known in her area for having her hair dyed unusual colours .
 forced rhubarb traditionally harvested in dim conditions .
 daniel harding was subject of withering attack by italian newspaper critic .
real-life thief caught on cctv stealing from waitrose in southend , essex .
agency .
 andrew knapp created the pictures around his hometown in canada .
there are believed to be three tory plots against the prime minister .
 catherine murphy gave hard-up couple a half price champagne buffet .
costs just # 110 less that apple 's cheapest macbook air laptop .
four footballers deny sexual assaulting the 19-year-old and voyeurism .'
 denise godefroid , 63 , screamed that the couple were ` f ****** stupid irish ' .
 company would not relent despite the police apologising for the blunder .
 cleaning the oven tops our list of most avoided job .
women spend on average 19 per cent more than men .
his wife , connie , divorced him in july claiming their marriage was ` irretrievably broken '
 german cities facing ` significant costs ' as a result of poverty migration .
 brian copsey is charged with plundering cash from a collective .
 jonathan bucari wants to film in ridgefield - 20 miles from scene of shooting .
film called ` illness ' follows story of mentally ill boy called benjamin .
 freeza meats of newry received shipment of minced beef in september .
immigrant punched the youth and stole his wallet and phone .
 thomas durkin denies manslaughter saying the baby ` fell off his chest ' .
 verizon fios used ` real ' customers in their latest advertising campaign .
 beyonc\xc3\xa9 's half-time show pulled in 104 million viewers , compared to madonna 's 112.5 million in 2012 .
 creature 's snout has 22 waggling tentacles packed with nerve-endings .
man , 24 , taken to hospital with head and shoulder injuries .'
 burnt out shell of battery from japan airlines boeing 787 revealed .
 image of ali enjoying the super bowl appeared on twitter .
he had been due to leave honduran city of san pedro sula on friday .
 the troupe has four bears who all complete a three year training programme .
reynolds ` accused bar staff of being rude but became abusive himself '
security guard spotted 18-year-old dangling from second floor balcony .
 bilal khazir killed instantly when hit by zain khan 's high-performance vehicle .
south korea 's human rights body has joined forces with the women .
 bbc 's iplayer service will offer some 40 hours of programming before it is broadcast on tv .
he had to spend christmas in hospital after being airlifted from village .
zen , one , is the youngest of mr mandela 's 14 great grandchildren .
started modelling four months ago and has already made # 5,000 .
company said it would ` immediately fire ' pilot if official tests show he was under the influence of alcohol .
legal documents allege her comments were politically motivated .
he is charged with aggravated assault and there will now be a new trial in march .'
 chemical is banned in food and pharmaceutical industries but is still used as a degreasing agent .
 camera retailer has become first major high street casualty of 2013 after calling in administrators .
latest safety concern to hit world 's largest passenger jet .
you should damn .
 video showed emmanuel polanco rapping and drinking champagne .
 alice amos , from guildford , surrey , scored 162 in the stanford binet test .
father of 23-year-old student says ` without her we are lost ' .
her boyfriend nicholas brooks , 27 , set to stand trial for murder on june 4 .
father of 23-year-old student says ` without her we are lost ' .
at least eight people were killed in the ` devastating ' smash .
 military rocket launcher turned in along with record number of guns .
doctor who was out with his child rushed to help the two men .
two events now believed to have occurred within 33,000 years of each other .'
when finished , the nest has a dome-shaped roof and a dividing wall .
margaret has lived in four houses with her 43-year-old owner .
he knocked on the door of peter lewis , 68 , who lived on the same street .
david cameron said opponents want to ` stick their heads in the sand ' .
her three children died in the fire at their home in east yorkshire .
age rating increased from 12 to 17 on apple 's store .
electrician sat opposite mp for south shields on piccadilly line at 3pm .
 lynsay jackson , 35 , found dead at her home in scotland yesterday morning .
40 homes in bolton were evacuated after incident on sunday .
 russell murphy is ordered to complete eight hours community service .
the image of him in handcuffs kissing his girlfriend was an online hit .
comes after ` big cat ' sightings in gloucester and reports of a lion in essex .
zakia , 39 , attacked by her husband for divorcing him and left side of face .
 lieutenant colonel robert jolleys , 52 , on trial a swindon crown court .
 bank governor accused bankers of thinking they ` exist on their own ' .
both allegedly battered keanu to death over 48 hours in birmingham .
 girl is frequently mistaken for madeleine , who vanished in 2007 .
all five of edinburgh 's stores will close with three shutting in glasgow .
maliackal is a 2012 graduate of the university of south florida where he was the president of his fraternity .
restorer arrested and project boss under investigation over corruption .
 143,643 new registrations last month , an 11.5 per cent rise on last year .
 alan tierney accused of selling two stories to the sun for # 1,750 .
british government branded racist and calls for boycott of british products .
judge tells brunette she is ` unable to stop offending '
 sent to coventry auditions attract hundreds in the west midlands city .
the pilot reality tv show has been described as a ` grittier ' towie .
 robert chambers , from north tyneside , set off on foot to catch thief .
bomb victim don logan called verdict bittersweet .
 emma bartelt 's project ` drug sniffing dogs ' won at coral gables school science fair in miami .
 sharon caslow , 65 , indicted on six counts of manslaughter after medical workers found her mother in family 's shared home bathroom .
 mother-of-one has put up billboards in order to find a suitable organ donor .
barracks .
 robert simon claims hilary woolley manipulated mother into changing will .
 tv ad showed a mother doing all the work to prepare for a family christmas .
new toys similar to successful range for girls called lego friends .'
hoey 's former mistress nicole zobkiw on trial for perjury and making false statements .
the nearby community have refused a community buy out of the island .
about 15 other people were in the bend , oregon , mcdonald 's at the time .
 staff at floraholland have been working flat out to ensure that florists around europe are well stocked .
murray 's dream of an historic second grand slam in tatters .
mrs hilliar de alvero called the rescue ` extraordinary '
cctv footage shows the terrifying hit and run in hillfields , coventry .
 a lorry crashed off the m6 near carlisle in cumbria this morning .
was horrifically raped by commanding officer in the barracks several years ago .
he gratefully donated # 500 as a reward to the homelessness charity .
 police name man who died during expedition as graham connell , 31 .
she claimed in a tv documentary that brady had given her a sealed letter .
daughter was found home alone with soaking nappy .'
mr yu is now suing the clinic for the # 880,000 he paid for the animal .
his wife , sandi , was always thought to be a part of the investigation .
his scathing attack will not be included in an inquiry 's evidence transcripts .
 world 's most famous disabled piglet gets a custom made chair .
cashier pocketed cash over 18 months at santander branch in torquay .
sainsbury 's claims the 1.8 per cent figure is an exaggeration .
` streamlining ' management structures as more customers shop online .
used the sessions to drive a wedge between them and have an affair with husband .
other areas show the same effect to a lesser extent .
but taking hrt can reduce risk in these women .
 dr bala kovvali failed to recognise diabetic ketoacidosis .
death comes after she told friends she was fighting a bitter divorce battle .
 sgt danny nightingale was jailed for keeping a pistol as a war trophy .
 silvio berlusconi and fiancee francesca pascale shared pre-valentine 's day meal at the capricci sicilliani restaurant in rome last night .
couple made several public displays of affection during their dinner .
 former metropolitan police commander ali dizaei lost his appeal against his corruption charge .
turk among 32 arrested in loosely affiliated bust .'
the owner of a sandwich business , she was filmed making deliveries .'
 four garden plots in canvey island , essex , to be auctioned off for # 2,000 .
homeowner mark durant , 41 , says his garden offers only access to house .
steven wood and ryan lowe were motivated out of ` sheer greed '
a bag belonging to a tourist who missed the flight washed up last month .
she was last night being held in custody after being taken to hospital .
it is likely to further strain her relationship with her pop star son .
the hospital ward was ` chaotic ' when she disappeared , the inquest heard .
ms vye had previously absconded and travelled to beachy head .
the college says that the figure is the result of careful calculations .
 edward peden purchased the 37 acre site in dover , kansas in 1983 .
the equalities minister was writing in her kent newspaper column .
 the hut sits in an acre of overgrown land near .
war .
councillors ' cheap food costs city 's common good fund # 122,000 a year .
 lally baker , 22 , was travelling home on a busy road in buckinhamshire .
 atlanta dujmovic says her daughter suraya , five , has a rare type of primordial dwarfism .
eco designer , christopher raeburn , debuted designs crafted from teflon .
 archeologists spent nearly two weeks trying to find 37 unused spitfires in the jungle .
they were thought to have been delivered to mingaladon , no yangon international airport .
has spent his first paycheck buying another billboard to say thank you .'
two prisoners , aged 45 and 47 arrested on suspicion of murder .'
she now plans to set up a sanctuary to save more horses .'
 amy locane-bovenizer , 40 , sentenced to three years ' prison for killing married mother-of-two helene seeman .
friend toby hearne was killed when adjerid failed to see him in the road .
was cleared of dangerous driving and said ' i just want to move on now '
 classic horror film alien was given ` x ' -lrb- 18 -rrb- rating instead of ` aa ' -lrb- 14 + -rrb- .
but loophole means she can still be healthcare assistant -lrb- hca -rrb- .
retired teacher later died after suffering further indignities in hospital .'
he is father to jennifer , 27 , and rebecca , 24 , from first marriage to beverley .
 donna horwitz allegedly shot her ex-husband lanny , 66 , nine times during a row at florida home .
but pregnancy still risky , as twins are growing in the same sac .'
the re-enactment attracts up to 30,000 visitors and 2,400 participants .
ray stubbs , martin keown and gary mcallister sprayed by sprinklers .
mr hannah , 49 , was knocked to the ground and suffered a brain injury .
president susilo bambang yudhoyono issues a rare public condemnation .
 she lost # 6,000 life savings and # 1,000 casino winnings .
 illusionist will run one-million volt charge through his body for 72 hours .
 47 percent of single women regularly have sex with their ex partners .
 the red yao women grow their hair , cutting it only once in their lives .
 stacey kerres , 47 , was in charge of the child while his mother gambled at florida casino .'
 actress natasha richardson died after sustaining a head injury on the ski slopes in 2009 .
 sandra brown believes her late father , convicted paedophile alexander gartshore , was behind schoolgirl moira anderson 's disappearance in 1957 .
 diana becirovic dated the actor in 1972 .
 mark hunter , 42 , was about to have his second spoonful of cereal when the rodent bobbed to the surface .
those from swansea most likely to borrow while those from gloucester least likely .
eco-friendly compost is made from coffee grinds and palm fiber - and it 's safe for human consumption .
 four pages and 1,200 words - not one was crime .
was found by helicopter crew after search party launched .
samantha medland , 24 , was stabbed to death in brighton on sunday night .
microsoft launching $ 90m marketing campaign to take on google 's gmail .
simohamed rahmoun pleaded guilty to the same crime .
police are questioning balkaran , but have not yet named a suspect .
passengers delayed for three hours to get at least # 200 .'
 melowese richardson , who has worked in polling for 25 years , said she voted twice in november 's election .
 razwan ali anjum set to appeal his prison sentence for refusing to say where child atiya was .
 hassan shatanawi murdered laura may al-shatanawi and then dismembered her in a shed at his allotment .
banned from keeping pigs , sheep or chickens for a year and fined # 1,000 .  '
the mother-of-two will take him to class for the first time on monday .'
he was arrested after he blew over the 0.04 blood-alcohol limit for pilots .'
washington state became the first state to legalize the drug in december .
the former prime minister commented on her appearance and sex life .
 marina voinova spotted her partner on russia 's version of google maps .
 most of uk will be forced to endure five days of sub-zero temperatures .
she is currently living with mother lynne hales in scotland .
 elsie smith could not afford to pay $ 3,000 to bury her late husband joe .
 jakir uddin tells court he looked up to co-defendant derek rose .
it shows two young schoolgirls - no older than 10 - being forced to fight .
harder '
arrived at portsmouth hospital where she was put on trolley for five hours .
second only to birmingham , a city of more than a million people .
 the girl suffered crush injuries at the store in oldham , greater manchester .
 declassified report reveal britain considered argentinian base on falklands .
locals said prince charles is their ` neighbour ' and have written to the royal in a last ditch attempt to stop the developments from going ahead .
 domain awareness system developed between nypd and microsoft .
 melowese richardson , who has worked in polling for 25 years , said she voted twice in november 's election .
both have girlfriends and insist they are not gay .
 retail chain has now nearly halved its store numbers .
 the 43-year-old was found dead at camden address .
other animals at the zoo in hangzhou , eastern china , were also targeted .
 savile abused hospital patients between the years of 1962 and 1995 .
 catherine hickman , 31 , was on phone to operator for an hour before dying .
 tom sharp was hospitalised for a month for treatment to his burns .
car park owner northgate vehicle services breached health and safety laws .
 melissa mackenzie , 21 , crashed when her car drove over chippings on road .
 ryan lewis , 28 , adapted his ford focus and ford transit van into tankers .
 dj gave # 10 each - # 72 today - to 3 young people on his clunk click show .
he gained their trust before using power of attorney to transfer money from their accounts .
 lord justice toulson said childless women should be shown some sympathy .
 under the spotlight following collapse of vicky pryce trial .
they ate a three-course meal accompanied by red wine and champagne .
two .
 angry female pictured fighting off a male in the cairngorms mountains .
i ended up in a hotel room with him but we did n't do anything funny '
 ethan was rescued in a dramatic fbi raid on monday afternoon after spending a week held hostage by jimmy lee dykes in his bunker .
 morrisons launching affordable childrenswear range , nutmeg , in march .
vessel broke down and drifted in the indian ocean for two months .'
 nicholas gonzales was arrested after the incident in louisville , kentucky .
lawyers won stay of execution , but it was overturned by supreme court .
book contains handwritten chivalric stories and two canterbury tales .
his mum vicky was close to tears as she hugged her son and said , ' i always believed i would get david back '
 lama al-ghamdi 's back was broken and she had been raped and burned .
she died in october from her injuries after seven months in hospital .
prosecutors argue miss steenkamp was in there hiding from the athlete .
john connors , 31 , sentenced to 40 months imprisonment .
albino squirrels struggle to survive , but ` albert ' holds his own against rivals .
she died a day later of suspected meningitis .
president hollande was given the animal for ` liberating mali ' .
france claims to have killed ` hundreds of militants ' during mali conflict .
 brook hill knocked unconscious by 27-year-old man on slopes in france .
new deal is extension with current sponsor emirates .
comes two weeks after prison guard nancy gonzalez was accused of having an affair with a cop-killing inmate .
brad pitt and joaquin phoenix come bottom of list .
 kadcyla , a drug which can work on up to 20 per cent of breast cancer sufferers , has been approved by the food and drug administration .
 pictures taken by amateur photographer vyacheslav mischenko in ukraine .
he said the shots bear a resemblance to monet 's woman with a parasol .
players throughout the country will only be able to play online poker once their states enter agreements with nevada .
which has been a staunch defender of the rwanda 's .
 katie tantum claims she was criticised for leaving early after working through the night at law firm travers smith .
 elizabeth cope lived at the eastlake care home in godalming for two years before her death from pneumonia .
 chavez had not been seen december 10 when he went to a cuban hospital .
 jon borowik , 23 , from sidmouth , devon , lost nine stone in preparation .
 three artistic works appear at 20 years of war child exhibition .
 irfan naseer 's own mother called him a ` mummy 's boy ' .
 edward thornber , found hanged in a park in september last year .
he kicked schultz in knee and swung machete , twice nicking him on arm .
charge follows incidents during win over borussia monchengladbach .
 aaron ledean engaged in .
 courtney ratcliffe , 12 , led her younger brother and three sisters to safety .
contest is to diminish python population ravaging south florida ecosystem .
 rohan pershad qc pocketed more than # 600,000 over a 12-year period .
his mother hannah says two police officers knocked on her door ` totally out of the blue ' with the news .
green means it is safe but red indicates it is dangerous outside .'
 fake internet girlfriend will find a girl to become your online partner .
two swords also found , one of which was positioned between his legs .
arrived on monday via commercial flight from china .'
the farm worker had been missing for several hours when he was found underneath the upright bike which was still running .
 sophie dedek lost her fingertip in incident during nursery ` taster ' session .
 temperatures could plunge as low as -6 c in some areas .
 last year 9,400 horses were slaughtered in britain , up from 5,100 in 2009 .
tokyo world 's most expensive , while mumbai and karachi were cheapest .
is more ` bridget bardot than bridget jones ' says retailer .
celebrity fans of shapewear include kim and kourtney kardashian , tulisa and princess beatrice .
burglars struck her house , in jamestown , virginia , after she popped out .
 tornado hit hattiesburg , mississippi with more than 60 confirmed injured .
 robert swift , 27 , has refused to move out of his seattle home since it fell into foreclosure last summer .
streets in dagenham and barking have been named after fallen soldiers .'
the artist created a giant stencil to transfer the image of the tree to a wall .
photos taken following killing of bin laden by navy seals in may 2011 raid on his compound in pakistan .
microblogging site is china 's answer to twitter and has 400 million users .
 jasmine nassif , 21 , spurred on gang attack after ` taking offence ' .
their daughter maureen , 46 , also named locally as having died .
 abdirahman ajab , 30 , convicted of armed robbery and false imprisonment .
have been placed with foster family but own family want to adopt them .'
 wall of building in scarborough , north yorkshire , painted a very light grey .
 former pm says he is giving advice to both cameron and miliband .
 jurors found devon epps guilty of murder by torture and rape .
constable philippa reynolds , 27 , is thought to have died instantly .
fears many child sex offenders may have left the country .
mairead philpott smoked cannabis hours before blaze , court told .
she admits to killing teacher and mother-of-two diane wright .
 new york state passed strict gun control laws after connecticut school shooting that killed 26 in december .
pier first opened in 1889 and has survived fires and collisions with boats .
charge is for the alleged accidental death of a female motorcyclist .
hundreds of lawyers and scholars call for her sentence to be commuted .'
police received a tip that he possessed the illegal weapons .
openarch system uses projectors and sensors already available to turn walls and even floors into interactive screens .'
 parent company centrica is about to announce profits of # 2.8 billion .
the walk between the two sites used to take 10 minutes and now takes three .
his father jeff , 82 , happens to be involved with bailey 's campaign group .
comes as government announces a&e and maternity services at lewisham hospital will be downgraded to urgent care only .'
he thought she was fine and put her in a baby swing .
 terry .
 matias duarte said making world more ` tangible ' is next step .
 jabbar cambell , 32 , accuses officers of shouting ` fag ' and ` homo ' at party .
 jane harding , 52 , was killed when train smashed into her car .
 derek rose , 33 , sobbed when found guilty of blackmailing the socialite .
cult horror film was filmed in the village in 1973 .
 james o'neill hit partner with buddha-shaped bottle she kept as ornament .
he threatened to kill partner hazell peters .
o'neill was arrested after being found on a bus in just his boxer shorts .
coutts ` eked out his revenge ' on random woman after being dumped .
he allegedly massaged the breasts of one women from hertfordshire .
 mother fled to melbourne with children when marriage broke down .
 the four-month-old kangaroo was rescued from its mothers pouch .
he will stay at the wildlife shelter for two years until he can be released .'
 raymond oswell , 31 , hanged himself after split with victoria donovan , 24 .
left the force in 1998 and has now been jailed for his role in cannabis factory .
the prostitutes have been snapped all over the world .'
also claims he was told to deny program 's existence .
 mohammed , 40 , from edinburgh , lost penis and left testicle .
sacked in 2006 for alleged misconduct when she was on a final warning .
georgina beevers was found more than 13 hours after 999 call .
 chloe was found dumped in the street by a dog walker last week .
authorities are looking for her parents so they can find out medical history .'
picture was taken in the white house by his photographer david lienemann .
coroner michael singleton today ruled mr riley committed suicide .'
 david crompton , 62 , convicted of assault after the incident in lancashire .
ryan wyngarden , now 50 , ` was jealous of his sister 's marriage ' .
mrs wyngarden said she wanted to speak now as she could not lie anymore .
simon cowell admitted using hangover tool last year .
 appeared in shoot for vogue china 's august edition .
 the unnamed man found the lump near ballarat in state of victoria .
syrian observatory for human rights calls for un to investigate incident .
tiny bird landed on predator 's back when it strayed too close to nest .
 lori billingsley was found dead in a ditch in oregon in october 1982 .
desperate for a baby she shed 6st 2lb and dropped from size 24 to size 12 .
police say the curfew is not in response to the recent shootings .
actions part of ` anti-western drive fostered by putin , ' ex-deputy pm says .
 researchers placed a camera inside an american football .
special software processes the image so it gives a clear view - even though the ball is spinning .'
family said : ` oscar specifically requested the memorial service '
miss pinkham , 34 , has known prince harry for a decade .'
privacy campaigners say the proposed system is a ` huge risk '
 executors offer works by edgar egas abd jean-baptiste-camille corot .
he is also offering to have lunch with the buyer , a handwritten story of some of the car 's famous passengers and a signed fawlty towers photograph .
players from both sides rushed from dugout to join in .'
darren sapstead accused of pushing him overboard while drunk .
that is compared to 3 % of non-religious people , yougov survey finds .'
he has been leader of the catholic church for eight years and is the first pope to retire since 1415 .'
the blue seats have been constructed in fortaleza 's castelao stadium .
 john and .
 cathy daniels is ` half man , half woman ' without breasts .
reed crashed mcmillian 's suv on the highway at the time his body was discovered .
 victoria vovchik found stabbed to death in her home next to her daughter .
girl was stabbed 31 times and had her throat slit but survived .
authorities are looking for her parents so they can find out medical history .'
 customer went berserk at the branch in birmingham 's bullring .
ferrari .
 concerns for monsignor kevin wallin grew before he left post .
royal bournemouth hospital trust denied clinical negligence for 12 years .
police .
 actor , 48 , pictured leaving his pub smiling and whistling .
he argues that pushy parents and teachers cause long term damage .
 backbencher karl mccartney accused of writing abusive notes to watchdog .
 british designer patrick morris created upside do wn herb pots .
two-foot long reptile had head of lizard and body of snake .
 he urges an investigation into music schools in the seventies and eighties .
as a teenager , she was sent into care and branded a ` reject ' by mother .
 took two weeks to find smell at procurator fiscal office in glasgow .
 the microlight was seized as smugglers landed in northamptonshire .
 the aston martin two-litre sports was one of just 15 made .
a man got into the car and forced her to drive to a nearby residential road .
the puppy has a very painful skin condition that is caused by mites .
 future star was devout catholic as a teenager , attending seminary in ohio .
she was awarded rs25k for bravery and offered a job in city traffic brigade .
the ` work site ' was visible from the chancellor 's constituency office .
 mina robinson was sleeping on her sofa when an intruder stabbed her .
misa , 17 , and sayo , 14 , and her son daiki , 11 , died at a hospital of carbon-monoxide poisoning .
 low dose naltrexone -lrb- ldn -rrb- costs # 300 a year privately .
christian group described the comparison to jesus as ` blasphemous '
pryce denies perverting the course of justice by taking his speeding points .
danica patrick was third going into the final lap but finished eighth .
 jennifer johnson was forced to cancel her wedding for the first time when she had to undergo a hysterectomy in november .'
it features a 400ft working model railway , perfect for rail enthusiasts .
 footage shows journalists hounded by people 's liberation army soldiers .
artist steve casino , from ohio , has created nut versions of the stars .
he admits he now uses a penile implant to have sex with his wife and other women .
roy snr hanged himself after killing mr bell who he branded a ` drug dealer ' .
the diary entries have been bought by the british library for # 320,000 .
team discovered 425 meteorites during 40 day expedition .
wearers of the ` extreme footwear ' must walk on tip-toes .
nine years ago , boyfriend james gray , 24 , died of the same condition .
 scientists find gene fto may have role in obesity and skin cancer .
 photographs by amateur snapper marc weinstein taken on august 15 1965 .
chester crown court hears he was ` beaten , kicked and stabbed ' .
 the lincoln director will collaborate with kubrick 's family on the project .
 miraval , a rose , will be sold for roughly # 13 a bottle .
 google chiefs looking for space to park their eight private jets .
he has already been accused of raping a woman he met through christianmingle.com in november .'
the company was caught up in the horsemeat scandal last week .'
it is faster than the iconic ferrari enzo and f12 berlinetta .
 kevin signo suffered fatal spinal injury after he attempted a back-flip .
 sir paul mccartney 's mother , mary , died at the age of 47 from an embolism .
craft 's secretive mission was extended in december after nine months .
 leader says ` low-skill migration has been too high ' in new broadcast .
 dancer pavel dmitrichenko said to have ` ordered ' attack on sergei filin .
species is threatened in wild by deforestation and killing by humans .'
 andrew cant , 58 , was handed the cheque but had no idea he 'd been robbed .
he injured himself on broken glass and a letter fell out of his pocket .
man and two women held on suspicion of fraud .'
maria loureiro , mastermind of the sham wedding racket , jailed for 45 months .
 ethnic minority representatives came from all corners of china .
 lisa jacques , 28 , said she had affair with raf corporal justin ashton .
his enormous collection is so big it is clearly visible on google earth .'
 the student was a member of the teacher 's ` wild cadets ' dance team .
 christie dawn harris had firearm stashed in vagina .
she also had bags of crystal meth wedged between her buttocks .
mr chapman says his comment was not made in public .
 kyle stobbart , 27 , struggled to adjust to normal life after leaving the army .
 author sue palmer has warned parents of power of ` princess culture ' .
 christine wilson told 15-year-old girlfriend she was a man named chris .
 french police confirm supermodel was attacked on november 21 .
they have gone viral in china and sparked jealousy and outrage .'
 german shepard roxie and her owner kristen maurer provide their services to private families in the houston texas area , sniffing out illegal drugs .
scientist can find no genetic link to native americans .
 artist adam birtwistle jumped on train to london to fix problem after she spotted mistake .
police are investigating whether the two incidents are connected .'
dartanion london is seen on a date during which the gadget is invaluable .'
 cardinals will begin the conclave on tuesday in the sistine chapel .
 lieutenant colonel robert henry jolleys was today jailed for 12 months .
it features skijoring , when skiers are pulled by a horse .'
 kholoud sukkariyeh and nidal darwish wed last november in bekaa .
they kept the wedding a secret while waiting for government documents .
they could be in line for payouts after costly high court hearing .'
1,7000 civilians dead since protests began .'
he was rushed to hospital but died hours later of a heart attack on jan 7 .
was a threat to himself .
county sheriff 's office to help their case .
but judge .
 daniel webb , 28 , and stacy burnett , 29 , plan to wed on an extreme budget .
 callum greenaway , 26 , burgled leigh-on-sea and suffolk homes .
gmc hearing heard care was ` below the expected level of a competent gp ' .
crowd .
she earned more than her husband , but immigration officials overlooked this .
 alex osborne from lanner in cornwall died in ghana .
` no matter what you fine me , i can not pay the bbc or anyone connected with it '
commuters ` cheered and clapped ' when the the baby was born .
 new charter will be signed in special ceremony to mark commonwealth day .
teenager did not see car stop in front of him until it was too late .
death not being treated as suspicious , gun believed to be licensed .
 murder bail hearing to go into third day .
 if follows success of such a charge in wales over the past year .
 ` beata z ' is alleged to have killed five of her eight children .
 former goalkeeper due to appear in court later this month .
 the caledonian record in st johnsbury published a poster using an oriental-looking typeface for the words ` fry rice ' .
 premier inn in essex had to be evacuated in the middle of the night .
 william hackett , 74 , grows fir trees and a chinese tree .
80ft or more , in his front garden .
thrilled with results and can now enjoy sex with husband .'
 alan bennett recalls thinking ` here we go again ' when touched as a child .
council contractor was hired by babergh district council to prune a tree .
 jill meagher , 29 , murdered on way home from night out in melbourne .
questions remain about how singh could have hanged himself while on suicide watch .
their friend who dropped them off for the two-day hike did not realise they were missing for eight days .
brennan trainor rodriguez , 21 , is accused of removing evidence .
 ranger michael maguire , 21 , died after being hit by machine gun bullet .
 lt jonathan d. josey ii appeared to strike reveller aida guzman in video clip .
billion .
tens of thousands of british soldiers were killed in the offensive .
birds can kick , beat and fight to the death during season .'
 apple device now with air traffic safety investigators .
 hagel responded to letter from sen barbara boxer , asking him to take another look at sexual assault case .
 dawn larkin , 46 , gave birth to daughters louise and charlotte a week early .
 sculpture of god pan and a nanny goat features in new exhibit .
30-year-old man protested that he was just enforcing french law .
 15-year-old danielle sampson has been in a coma for almost a year .
 population up to 8.3 million residents in five boroughs .
 spectacle appeared over the village of fionnphort on the isle of mull .
 organised by emma freud , director of comic relief .
 a study by which ?
found 30 per cent of victims are kept waiting by banks .
host presents final 8pm show tonight and moves to weekends next month .
 eric pickles slated councils for using the public as a ` cash cow ' .
` all options on the table ' if conservatives win election in 2015 .
food manufacturer says it will be just as cheap to make them in britain .
younger son bill , now 60 , said earlier will had shared it between them .
12 years later , the couple were married by the same judge .'
it is 15th oldest-surviving mini in the world and 529th of its type .
arts writer escaped fine thanks to amnesty on overdue books .'
the drugs were contained in two huge blue , metal boxes .
 lee thompson , 55 , from walney , cumbria died from suspected heart attack .
lured victims with prospect of job as on-board nanny .
mr duran blames cardinal roger mahony for not stopping baker .
 the plate already has a bid price of nearly # 60,000 and is described as ` one of the best number plates in the uk ' .
 passengers on the carnival dream flew home from st maarten on thursday after ` mechanical issues ' caused overflowing toilets .
pupils have been more alert and engaged in lessons , according to the school .
 second annual irish bodypainting competition held in dublin .
has now been banned from estate under new asbo after terrorising locals .
drug addict edward hanratty was passed out on the floor at the time .
senior press officer karen shotbolt said comments did not offend her .
michael kitchen , who plays dci christopher foyle , wanted to return .
 valerie trierweiler is accused of being just francois hollande 's ` mistress ' .
astronomers on the canary islands captured a video of one flying past .
almost 30 men were jailed for drug supply as part of operation no deal .
 drugs yervoy and zelboraf given nhs approval .
she was gone for 24 hours before being found in a hedge in nearby town .
 espn cancels best trick competition saying it was mulling decision before star snowmobiler 's death .
new collection designed by james de givenchy to raise .
her parents did not know she was n't on her medication , inquest heard .
the only thing that could save her was an artificial heart and lung machine .
 spoke at the conservative political action conference in first appearance on stage since election .
bruni , 45 , is said to be furious with the current french president .
 easton roy is known as .
` they are weaker in their bodies ' he said of today 's singers .
it will feature local models and articles from the region 's writers .
jeremy clarkson and chloe sims have the least popular sets of gnashers .
 naj hashimi desperate to stay in the uk with his foster family .
links drawn between combat and alcohol misuse , violent crime and ptsd .'
 dachiya atkinson competed in chelles battle pro tournament in paris .
 kevin mcgeever , 68 , questioned for 24 hours over kidnapping allegations .
 oliver hudd was looking for roman coins with his metal detector .
, were fired on wednesday night .
 michael boysen , 26 , accused of killing grandparents in renton , washington .
 five generations of the gurung family fought for the british since 1886 .
 barry ross , 66 , attacked malcolm daniel , 80 , in ravenfield , south yorkshire .
mr daniel 's daughter said he was not ` the same person since the attack '
landing was ` energetic and exciting ' , said cosmonaut oleg novitskiy .
mr paterson has previously dismissed fears over ` frankenstein foods ' .
 britain and france urged eu to lift arms emgaro on syria at brussels summit .
 sergei filin said he is determined to return to the bolshoi ballet in moscow .
lucky played in the sand to dry off after bath in indian ocean .
 lorraine and brent ward and their two children lost everything they owned .
 the seal 's balancing act was captured by a photographer in estonia .
he comes from a tribe in brazil in the western amazon but will spend a total of nine months in new york .
 ty morin 's quest will take around three years .
refaeli did not complete the mandatory two years of military service .
 journalist and author to take on a creative figurehead role .
the teenager under went pioneering surgery in the uk at the weekend .
the system will be available in various volvo models from may .'
cops believe seevakumaran pulled the fire alarm to get his fellow students out in the open for a campus killing spree .
he said his mother 's humanitarian work was the inspiration for the charity .
sentebale means ` forget me not ' - in memory of his late mother .
family-values conservative had multiple affairs with patients and co-workers while he worked at a hospital .
 cruise liner remains marooned off the coast of tuscany nearly a year after it sank in january 2012 .
but the anchor was unaware of the gaffe and repeated the question .
women ' .
 joseph corlett , 57 , was studying at detroit-area university .
he was kicked out of the school by university officials for ` intimidation ' .
some areas of new england could get more than 12 inches of snow .
public schools cancelled classes in massachusetts .
teenager had been her ` bright and bubbly ' self friday before she died .
agriculture student had terrified other motorists with reckless driving .'
mr fenn lost his battle with prostate cancer after being diagnosed in 2009 .
the judge had not been told of his devoted wife 's death when he died .
iowa police officer kevin wolfe said that by the time he reached the passenger door of the suv the baby was half-way out .
boy was walking home when heritage held him up at knifepoint last year .'
the defence contractor met younger lover at military defence conference .
lawyers brand aib the banking arm of the vatican .
both were convicted of 1993 murder of black teenager stephen lawrence .
says dunn was ` the life of the party ' and was ` excited about the future '
the 63-year-old stored the gun and ammunition under a bale of hay .'
x-ray reveals perfectly preserved ancient cat hidden inside .
if terrain is too tough , it can simply stand up - and even use .
police closed the a66 across the pennines after a heavy fall of snow .'
 shane duffy tweet said : ` up the ra ' but he denied it was sent by him .
his sister christine davies , 57 , took control of his finances a year later .
 this eastern screech owl wedges itself in hole in tree in rhode island , ny .
maduro was formerly vice president under late president hugo chavez .
 scott sassa , 53 , resigns from high-powered post at hearst entertainment .
 samantha and andy puleston from devon discovered he had asperger 's .
he was captured brushing up by wildlife photographer jutta kirchner .
 warship begins journey to royal navy hq in portsmouth .
britney chose to return the neil lane engagement ring .
police say girl scout troop 798 may now have to close for lack of money .
 christi hansen lost the .
it argues the money should be spent on the existing library victoria hall .
 sources told mailonline the mystery brunette is 17-year-old uk singer ella-paige .
source told mailonline she is a ` ambitious and determined to be famous '
 eye-catching t-shirts feature realistic 3d animal faces .
she even tried convincing him that ` brain wiring ' would help him recover .
it was parked in birmingham city centre with valuables on show .
widower , 69 , left wearing colostomy bag after ` wholly unnecessary surgery ' .
 peasenhall primary school in suffolk targeted by campaigners , say staff .
miss lokhova claims a colleague said she was hired ` because of her tits ' .
prison .'
the toddler waved his card to her so furiously he slashed her eyelid .'
 five staff paid over # 5million each and a further 50 earn between # 2.5 and # 5million .
then realised he snapped man falling from wuhan yangtze river bridge .
french anti-ageing skincare is considered the best by those polled .
 rafferty 's sentence includes no chance of parole .
beasley hung his head without moving as victims ' families cried , smiled and hugged .
was convinced to enter beauty pageants to boost self esteem .'
ultra-powerful machine will ` see back to dawn of time ' .
other skulls bear signs of being made into masks but not completed .'
us clothing retailer is based in philadelphia and has 24 stores across uk .'
 joe rickey hundley , 60 , is accused of racially abusing , then striking the 19-month-old infant on a flight to atlanta .
but on arrival they were told : ` sorry , you wo n't be meeting your heroes ' .
in the 1970s , kulukundis appeared in episodes of charlie 's angels and starsky and hutch and was photographed by andy warhol .
 breanna , 21 , and father david will both be working on aircraft carrier .
james had 62in waist but lost 12st in just 12 months .
 christopher garret johnson , 33 , walked into the school with a 4-foot long two-by-four labeled ` high-powered-rifle ' .
41 % of women and 39 % of men admit to having feelings for former love .
 tech giant 's share of the market for tablets falls to 50 per cent .
 kenyan karo christopher kazungu , 22 , in hospital with serious injuries .
spent 12 hours in a&e and had tests on his heart and brain .
they then had a church blessing service .
said coyote menaced his puppy during jog near austin .
depardieu given a warm welcome by president vladimir putin .
the father , who has n't been named , was taken to hospital but is recovering .
 olen burrage was acquitted of conspiracy in 1967 .
 four climbers have been killed in an avalanche in glencoe in the scottish highlands .
 invented by club 23 in melbourne , the ` winston ' costs # 8,167 .
 half of meals surveyed at celebrity chains contained high levels of salt .
hospital said it had a duty not to reveal the name of the surgeon .
 security guard darien long will leave job at atlanta 's metro mall march 31 .
 cameron and tyler winklevoss were seen riding the r train in manhattan .
architect george clarke showed how to maximise the council flat 's space .
her mother , becky gonzalez , now has custody of their baby daughter .
 piotr mikiewicz ` hit roger buckingham with broom to stop him fleeing ' .
 thousands of drivers who ignore dashboard warning-lights face the charges .
successive governments have attempted reform and failed .
 freya jobbins creates the sculptures from her studio in sydney , australia .
 couples could face # 150,000 care bill under new plans .
getting paid for the job in low newton women 's prison in durham .
 wolverhampton city council forked out # 2,000 on the costume before deciding it was too wide to walk up five steps to the platform .
 moss bros profits go up from # 900,000 to # 3 million in 12 months .
 summer suits have ` odegon deotags ' in underarms .
 james bond star dame judi dench took top spot in the poll .
 girl called herself ` ellie ' and said her mother had fallen and could not get up .
two ten-year-old girls being spoken to by police about hoax call .
was almost 17 stone and is now just 12 stone .'
the seal tried to bring him a penguin to eat as a present .
 character first spoke in january episode of animation .
 sas chief was photographed when he met high-ranking officers .
najib mikati seen by many as peace broker between political parties .
they say watchdog is not carrying out enough inspections .
one in four get regular headaches while 40 per cent are plagued by regular colds .
driver of expensive was apparently showing off when he sped into wave .
three people on board were taken to hospital with broken bones .'
 machines infected with virus being ` kept alive ' by fbi .
 ex-pat paul renouf 's two victims were just 11-years-old .
company 's chairman eric schmidt said the company paid ` lots of taxes - in legally prescribed ways '
 greg farkas , 34 , said he had more than 20 inquiries about renting it .
 atomic agency report to be published today claims iran is just ` months away ' from building a bomb .
stolen art includes work by some of america 's finest painters .
his piece aimed at highlighting plight faced by elephants from poachers .'
i had loads of bottles , ' former england star admits .
it follows birth of rare subspecies at u.s. conservation centre .'
we are watching more television than ever thanks to catch-up services .'
 meredith 's mother arline and sister stephanie welcome court 's decision .
the trust set up in meredith 's name is helping the family with legal costs .
told shocked newly qualified dental nurse he was ` good with his hands ' .
 charlie 's record-breaking bark is as loud as a rock concert .
chef is an ambassador for government 's change4life campaign .
 latest leak contradicts account given in recent esquire article .
 38-year-old kyle kester was stabbed to death in his home in jalisco , mexico on february 10 .
collection will be displayed to the public as part of history exhibition .'
 derek gent and mike holmes killed as they walked by the side of the road .
` there were hospitals where .
 jacek korolko says he only listened to loud music on three occasions .
paul keene , 32 , jailed for manslaughter after he strangled ` gifted ' partner .
mother died as their eleven-week-old baby lay in a cot nearby .
both her legs were amputated on tuesday after she developed a blood infection from bacteria commonly found in the mouths of cats and dogs .'
deaths from .
council tax relief worth around # 600 for six-month tour .
 applicants must speak finnish and english - and ideally russian , too .
lawyer wife filed for a divorce after discovering his affair with ex-wife .'
edgar gonzalez and joan toribio , both 18 , were charged last month with felony .
 jerry buss leaves condo and 2009 bentley to delia cortez , a woman in her 20s who is studying to be a veterinarian .
 chapel in cwmbran , south wales , to be converted to house .
 vibrators , handcuffs and lubricant will be on sale in superdrug 's aisles .
 alan dykes hid the jaguar xk120 behind a flimsy wall .
they attacked another parent at school in alnwick , northumberland .
he and his late son david had their voicemails hacked .
 stephen seddon shot robert , 68 , and patricia , 65 , with a sawn-off shotgun .
 world-renowned violinist min-jin kym had her rare violin stolen in 2010 .
stopped by police for speeding four days later in south carolina .
more than 30 rescuers have been on .
the cruel hoax is subject of new film compliance which opened yesterday .
she wants to build an underground spa under the famous garden .
greater manchester police investigating allegations against another teacher .
of administrators .
 sources said zuckerberg is forming independent expenditure group focusing on immigration and education .
made from plaster and terracotta , they are in their garden in fifield , berks .
they stand at 12 feet tall and have hair made from grass , plants and flowers .
would place a piece of paper over phones and pinch them .
 anne-marie read , 36 , and matthew green , 26 , jailed for 8 and 12 months .
 ben robbins threatened to kill any new boyfriend of his ex tania maylin .
the instrument belonged to korean-born violinist min-jin kym .'
according to prosecutors , valle also had a british mentor .
 italian scientists claim shroud was created by ` supernatural event ' as burst of ultra-violet light necessary to leave imprint on cloth was n't then possible .
but vatican still refuses to comment on the long-running saga .
 jorie rogers told she would be infertile , before giving birth to tristan .
 sergeant johnson beharry 's new wife mallissa announced her pregnancy .
installation shows charred moulds of human faces on matches of lumber .'
 dr mark alner attacked pc rob hoskins after he had been drinking .
 tatsujiro fukasawa , 40 , denies putting hydrofluoric acid in colleague 's shoe .
bomb in bin went off near a primary school - no reports of any injuries .'
former royal marine had a three-year-old daughter with his partner .
had no shoes on , was dressed in clothing that she was not wearing the night before and appeared confused .
 esure chairman peter wood will remain company 's largest shareholder .
 soldiers die on mission to save rhinos from slaughter .
will lift the lid on a decade spent at gordon brown 's side .
 david simpson was attacked by armed rebels in central african republic .
she is seeking five-figure sum for tripping over kerb at his garage .
15kg haul was discovered at heathrow labelled as ` handicraft samples ' .
rhino horn used in traditional medicines - and is worth more than gold or cocaine .
 alex jones bravely covered his sister 's body and was killed instantly .
116 new cases have been reported in the last week .
but plea finally accepted after agonising 18-hour wait .
term for un-googleable was to mean ` can not be found on search engine ' .
study carried out by institute for public policy research .
 star pictured in shows from his time at northampton school for boys .
had no shoes on , was dressed in clothing that she was not wearing the night before and appeared confused .
police search for two men suspected in the abduction .
robin kiddie got bored at tesco as his wife did the grocery shopping .
 wendy williams was killed as she pulled out in front of an ambulance in 2009 .
 pensioner ethel watkins branded neighbours ` scum ' and .
 north korea said that nuclear weapons are ` treasure ' and ` the nation 's life ' .
in the 1900s the government introduced a programme to eradicate them .
today .
 holly pearson moved her son george to freeman hospital in newcastle .
police search for gary stretch and joanna dennehy .'
 state media attacked apple for its arrogance and greed .
she was a normal baby but began to show symptoms at seven-months-old .
 ` unpredictable ' eric malcolm had rowed with tenant over sky tv package .
botched attack ` could have killed ' tony gilesnan .
 coach andy enfield is married to amanda marcum - a retired model who worked for victoria 's secret , chanel and armani .
german immigrant christian gerhartsreiter told her he was a rockefeller .
suspect shot by deputy and taken into custody after fleeing scene .
police tried to track him down repeatedly but he has evaded them for years .
 jesusa ursonal tatad , 41 , is convicted in the death of ronnie tatad , 36 , in 2011 .
launched london gym seven years ago .
 the bodies were discovered off a track near thorney , peterborough .
cambridgeshire police said they are treating the deaths as ` unexplained '
 a mother pushed a child to make way for her own in the race for easter eggs during a hunt in seattle .
the grandfather owned ten properties worth about # 100,000 each .
 observers below the equator have been able to see the comet for weeks .
 claire bennett of southampton has been researching gay immigration .
planned to visit graves with his wife mairead , but not before getting drunk .
 maxine bohanan was covered in nail varnish remover , which caught alight .
officers found wheels , engines and other car parts in his bolton warehouses .
thieves made off with wads of cash from petrol station on easter sunday .
 beetle species were given family surnames from papua new guinea .
ten names were chosen at random from the phone book .'
his dog dug the tub up , which had been partially buried .
 dennis and judith schulte were hit and killed by drunk driver mark mullan on monday .
 lindsay clift collapsed soon after katy may was born .
had to had his right eye removed to stop the cancer spreading .
she went into labour on second day of holiday and baby ellizeah was born .
1,213 bed hospital is the second biggest in pfi scheme in the nhs .
22-year-old is captured sitting on a couch with her legs crossed .
contestant on koh-lanta died of heart attack during filming .
 the bae shipyard in mobile experienced high winds on wednesday afternoon .
heathrow investigation found damage cause by vortex of swirling air .'
 henryk janowski gets extraordinary photographs from his swan hideout .
the couple pleaded guilty to 26 immigration offences at court yesterday .
court hears how attack has ruined victim sean moss 's life .
the pair had to speed up to the space and skid in with a handbrake turn .
ebel was killed in a shootout with authorities on march 21 .'
stopped by police for speeding four days later in south carolina .
admitted to intensive care two days later but died on march 17 .'
 david thompson , 35 , told court he stole phone from nightclub in aberdeen .
defence lawyer claimed the scenario was ` certainly out of the ordinary ' .
 french president says death of al-qaeda leader ` definitely confirmed ' .
first great western exeter to paddington service hit red peugeot on tracks .
helicopter from raf valley attempted to save him .
after investigating the case vodafone agreed to waive all charges .
 bobby fransis barnes was born female but has been living as a man since the age of 15 .
 2012 ` love thyself ' beauty campaign garnered 17 asa complaints .
most criticism came for the pictures ` depicting a lesbian kiss ' .
it is believed the tree is the world 's first pollen - free cedar .
 thompson 's in osmotherley , north yorks , began trading in 1786 .
tradition occurs when no male heirs are left in a family .
 cost of preparing for baby is , on average , # 2,547 .
 tara hammett , 33 , is a nutritionist and trainer from swansea , south wales .
he fled to his home and barricaded himself inside before taking his life .
 max shacknai , 6 , sustained fatal injuries after falling down the staircase at his father 's california mansion in july 2011 .
 cameron .
had not received vital blood-thinning drugs which could have saved him .
 ancient graves uncovered by restoration workers at 14th century cathedral .
discovery of the crypts - dating back to the 1350s - described as ` significant '
said he enjoyed playing character who ` does a lot of pillaging and throat-slitting ' .
 sir terry leahy pays his children to tell him if his wife shops in a rival store .
 texan eli martinez has befriended the group of sharks in the bahamas .
 captain edward smith became legendary after going down with titanic .
 products claim to ` relieve ' cancer and cleanse blood .
doctors warned her parents that she probably had an eating disorder .
was found to have pneumonia but doctor also noticed heart was enlarged .
 sunderland manager paolo di canio has a large fascist tattoo on his back .
has ordered 165 life sized robotic dinosaurs from china for his palmer coolum resort .'
 handset developed with htc and codenamed myst .
discovered a court report from major james bigglesworth .
the document was found amongst author w e johns ' manuscripts .
darren mclauchlan , 23 , has been charged with murder , police confirmed .
welsh former raf pilot had been working as a first officer for flybe .
 nelson mandela , 94 , has now spent five consecutive days in hospital .
` unforgivable ' .
 300 drivers turn up at contamana airport , which does not have lights .
gallons of agent orange over the country during the vietnam war to .
 officer was on duty when he died after collision in swaythling , southampton .
his friends say he was hit in the face and fell from a stage .
do you know richard lane ?
 health protection agency figures show rise in first three weeks of march .
teenager had performed at the royal opera house and was a ` perfectionist ' .
17th century fighter was ` caught trespassing and executed '
 pc eileen arthurs , 52 , accessed the police national database to help friend lee may - once suspected of involvement in the # 52million securitas robbery .
 nick and david pereria arrived at the same hospital unaware of each other .
friend mrudula vasealli describes her agony as she waited for baby to die .
showed that daughter ruby had a two-inch ovarian cyst growing inside her .
 andy wells , 51 , and wife caroline , 48 , abducted at bureau de change .
hostages were released today after three days in captivity .'
 mother claims her son .
boy , 9 , has played for knowle juniors for two years .
the princess was at spanish youth literature awards ceremony yesterday .
 zoila figueroa , 28 , paid $ 1,500 to be smuggled to u.s. but was kidnapped .
 michelle miller , 17 , shot dead by recruiter adam ardnt on monday morning at his home in germantown , maryland .
 ali jawaid died after being ambushed by opportunistic robbers .
 petty officer first class russell matthews reappeared in january after going missing three months before .
what had happened .
 eastern michigan university student julia niswender 's death ruled asphyxiation after found in a bathtub on december 11 .
joanne told her story today on this morning .'
marsh 3 settled out of court with 10 teens in february .
 pc mark milton , 46 , shredded the tyre of his bmw 5 series car while driving .
underwent surgery at animal hospital in darwin , australia .
the claims were made online by the teenage daughter of his lover .'
brings the number of rhinos slaughtered in south africa this year to 203 .
was told true gender after contacting queen mother 's hospital in glasgow .
gas engineers from national grid found no gas escaping from property .'
 eady rothstein was five in 1964 when she nearly drowned .
 letter was expected to fetch only $ 1 million to $ 2 million at auction .
 woman was tied up to bed in her own home and stabbed .
 new bugaboo accessories feature designs by legendary pop artist .
toddler from buckinghamshire snatched on holiday in costa teguise .
victoria coulton was told she could play alongside boys this season .
beavers ' extraordinary constructions are beneficial to woodland habitats .
 vladimir putin 's name has now been removed from finland 's secret list .
 google takes its street view cameras to four of the world 's seven summits .
he has now been reunited with the beloved ring .
he is serving life for the murder of karmen smith in 1995 .
police have now arrested her boyfriend , 18-year-ol shawn eric ford , jr. .
 jane harding was killed at a crossing in hertfordshire in 2010 .
cox says students wo n't be fazed by him when he hits the lecture hall .
 pilots preparing to attempt flight across america in solar-powered plane .
now he works from a premises in a boat yard at the regional capital .
 liam hulmes , from mossley , greater manchester , entered online competition .
was awarded honour at world 's 50 best restaurant awards today .
 the scene in question appears for less than a second in the trailer .
 alyssa wilcynski , 35 , was stabbed with a rusty steak knife at her bronx apartment complex ; blade brushed her heart .
wanted to show tension between the weapon 's destructiveness and beauty .
 former italian premier will not be italy 's representative at the funeral .
acting prime minister mario monti will attend the ceremony instead .
veterans are threatening to boycott the movie because of her anti-vietnam war stance .
it 's the latest development in a war of words since madonna 's recent visit .
steve harper at time .
 sam dunne , 19 , admitted calling gemma mccluskie 's two brothers .
58-year-old started offending at the age of ten and targets charity shops .'
told he must do ` work related-activities ' or lose his benefits .
 joshua dean wilson , of harrogate , may have seen woman before she died .
coroner slams managers for ` failures at every level '
 pc matthew fisher , 37 , worked for north yorkshire police .
 mother , 22 , had set up a fundraising page on facebook for her daughter , 4 .
four-year-old is now fighting a lung infection in hospital in brisbane .
but returned to housing complex on day of release to continue .
his owner paul bodger , 51 , found him this month when digging up garden .
judge jails him for six years after he pleads guilty .
 love actually voted as the ultimate inspiration to help with heartbreak .
first in series of concerts for burberry acoustic .
 the sign was handed to the mascot by a fan to hold up before the crowd in florida .
 liam taylor-kennedy , eight , was hit by a car in barnsley , south yorkshire .
 jessamine skuse , 91 , dragged her neighbour out of his flat to safety .
 problem relates to inflator device in the passenger-side airbag .
 hundreds of people evacuated from train during rush-hour in taiwan .
he said single measles vaccines preferred by parents were withdrawn .
 leeds , alder hey in liverpool and evelina in london came close to limit .
 dental student lena begum , 18 , sent series of messages before being hit by white van .
 apple are rumoured to be planning the iradio streaming service .
 sarah moss drank substance from sprite bottle at boyfriend 's home .
 mcilroy 's fifth masters tournament opens with a round of 72 .
over the financial markets , ' she said on german tv last night .
 the foreign secretary was joined by the actress at a g8 meeting in london .
mother 's death while she was in madrid .
emailed the school to tell them she could not attend classes .
20 people hurt as plane was evacuated on tarmac .
wanted to attend pro-palestinian event ` welcome to palestine ' .
leah gayle shipman wed teen only six days after divorcing husband of 19 years .'
 mother sara edmond reported her 6-year-old daughter , carmen , missing yesterday afternoon .
 sainsbury 's announced reductions first before asda and tesco followed suit .
one woman said she .
more than three .
 fire gutted two-story rental home in west allis , wisconsin .
parents of sandy hook survivors hit out at the show saying it is ` too soon '
north korea has threatened thermonuclear war on south and the u.s.  china 's foreign minister called for peace on korean peninsula during talks .
 owen campbell-moore 's plugin allows encoding of pictures with messages .
sworn in a second time just minutes before president obama .
 bruno metra and lawrence jeanson are behind the concept .
he had to unwrap umbilical cord that was wrapped around his son 's neck .
fowler is the author of new book , z : a novel of zelda fitzgerald .
the audi tt was embedded in the glass front of the petrol station .
20 emergencies in six months from drivers getting on to the busway .
the prom princess program aims to play that role .
 rice returned to academia after serving in george w. bush 's cabinet .
but the strain got too much and he suffered a psychotic episode .
but just a year after it was opened it was stripped of steel wire .
but miss anthony and her lawyers are opposed to his unusual proposal .
the move would mean he 'd have to sell his share in the nets .
gordon also pretended to have cancer and manic depression .
 brain scanning ` skull caps ' used to monitor pleasure .
helped store design outfit and is part of their 2013 ` festival project '
 alderman roger gifford greeted the queen and prince philip at st paul 's .
salami earrings sold for around # 10 , pizza necklace is # 75 .'
hardy had only moved to hillview middle school 12 weeks ago but was being bullied because he was part of an extracurricular cheerleading club .
 66-year-old fell out of digger and into 13ft deep pit .
digger also fell into pit and landed on top of him .
 police officers were making a welfare check when they discovered the family dead .
 labour leader suffered the injury 10 days ago while on holiday with his wife .
baby veronica 's adoptive parents had raised her from birth .
driver shannon mcgarrigle wept as she gave evidence at inquest .
 landlord jagjit singh spent a year trying to evict tenants for unpaid rent .
 discovery made in lab deep inside a us mine in minnesota .
hunt being led by british farmer david cundall .'
worst rated styles were cornrows , curtains and a mohican .
she was handcuffed and led off by police after she refused to leave .
 rolands brize , 25 , came to uk after burning down his family home .
education secretary michael gove has asked for practice to be reviewed .
 noah ellis , co-owner of red medicine , in beverley hills , hits out .
denies dangerous driving at worcester crown court .
just celebrated their 80th birthdays surrounded by family and friends .
 parking on the lines in humberstone road , cambridge will mean a # 70 fine .
says soaring price tags ensure high quality and ethical production .
calls those who want fair working conditions but low costs ` hypocrites '
ice-skating sisters viktoria and joshi helgesson working with h&m .
procedure .
 russian photographer pictured his daughter with family pet over four years .
 one of sydney corcoran 's heroes , matt smith , came to visit her at the hospital .
just 16 per cent supported conservatives in 2010 election .
he was allowed to grow his hair how he wanted and has never had it cut .
 jenny stallard admits she hates having big boobs .
their obsession has been featured on tlc series my crazy obsession .'
 wang zijian , 21 , drowned when he tried stunt on bridge in sichuan , china .
 maria ward and gillie christou were justifiably dismissed , says tribunal .
chief .
` legal aid must be preserved for those most in need ' , chris grayling said .
 dutt acquired the guns from abu salem , a mastermind behind the blasts .
some left with bloody injuries and younger fans weep amid violence .'
 runner , from london , is thought to have suffered a heart attack .
 greg dash , 25 , has sold 290 of his miniscule cameras in the first month .
 work and pensions secretary wants tax break for married couples now .
 aslan usoyan , 75 , shot in head in the street outside a restaurant in moscow .
aims to make brand more accessible to a younger market .
 recent finds announced by experts from the british museum in london .
not limited to apps , it can run programs like photoshop and office .
 rover has touched martian rocks with its analysis instruments for the first time .
but cat stewie quickly calms him and send him to sleep .
teenage victims are pictured in a french magazine suffering from horrific burns .'
 man was preparing to jump from empire state building just before midnight .
he had already leaped one floor down from observation deck .
the lego man is snapped at the beach , trainspotting and shopping .'
she said : ` the .
igor .
another two found dead in car park and two more in apartment complex .
 amateur filmmakers jonason pauley and jesse perrotta spent two years filming live-action ` toy story ' .
 katelyn newell , 8 , has been at riley 's heart center waiting a heart transplant for more than 10 weeks .
her with two tickets to justin bieber 's upcoming concert .
 joanna krzysztonek lost one of her triplets at just 22 weeks .
overall 3.8 per cent of criminals locked up by magistrates .
 arrested for ` disorderly conduct ' early on friday morning .
 gilberto valle , 28 , visited websites with recipes for human meat .
the 9.8 ft seal is estimated to have weighed more than half a tonne .
denies pressure to encourage barclays to understate its libor submissions .
she was accompanied by her friend krystle campbell , who was killed in the first blast .
 the welsh mezzo-soprano looked picture perfect at yesterday 's marathon .
eu commissioner 's spokesman : ` it would only be financial paracetamol ' .
 some of team gb 's 43 champions could be snubbed in new year 's honours .
 georgian experts were investigating botnet that infected their computers .
said it spurred her into joining bbc1 series the apprentice .
mp says ` many will feel .
 appeal tonight by the detective who helped convict two of the murderers .
they had taken former legal high mephedrone - otherwise known as bubble .
 papiss cisse , 27 , and rachelle graham , 22 , have been dating for a year .
86th street station is due to be completed in the first phase of the project by december 2016 .'
asch responded and met with undercover officers repeatedly .
one man said he was told ` cut it off or i will burn it off ' by riot officer .
said the woman , her daughters and dzhokar were ` friendly and kind ' but tamerlan , who she met just twice , was unfriendly .
she is facing a re-trial for the murder of british student meredeth kercher .
 videos and pictures on lawrence joynes ' computer were sent to child pornography producer in south carolina .
the charity said it has seen some of the worst cases of animal cruelty .
taking primrose or borage oil did no more than dummy capsules .
the trial of mark bridger , 47 , who denies murder , will start later this week .'
doctors treating her have called her a ` model patient ' who has been transformed .
long-time buddy jarrod clowery suffered burns and james ` bim ' costello was hospitalized with serious injuries .
the mother-of-three has been suspended from school .
jeerh 's sister davena kumar insists he is innocent and will fight sentence .
car fled the scene with another vehicle , a dodge charger , in pursuit .
police are now hunting for the pontiac 's driver who fled the scene .
 geraldine winner appeared on lorraine on itv .
the couple met in 1957 , were friends for 40 years , then married in 2011 .
 members of ryders alley trencher-fed society -lrb- rats -rrb- have been meeting weekly for a decade to hunt rats .
unprotected departments try to off-load spending to areas which are rising .'
anna maria , 16 , has lice and there is one further confirmed case .
it comes nearly two years after gian-luc jordan , 12 , passed away .
fall comes a week after four climbers died in an avalanche at glencoe .
smith wrongly believed samantha schofield was having affair with her partner steve clarkson , jury at mold crown court hears .
 londoner caunt , who was 6ft 2in and 18st , was champ in 1830s and 40s .
also for sale : 20-bore gun engraved with image of baroness thatcher .'
 labour benches empty at special commons session in honour of thatcher .
 evette and gary crack were distraught when they saw the collection .
they claim their representatives were attacked and hurt during a protest in the assembly .
disappeared .
miss wells-burr suffered a fracture to the head say doctors .
her boyfriend , his former lover and her uncle are charged with murder .
 michael mone has announced the launch of pendulum apparel .
bunn was sacked by the company , allegedly for her affair with michael .'
 43-year-old fashion designer and her family now live in somerset .
 the air bagan plane crash landed in a paddy field in heavy fog .
but , that the venue had to be at least 20 miles from the home of the cheater .
 emily marsh has hiccuped every two seconds for ten weeks .
he used council computers to view the footage and documents .
 charlie astrand greeted by her father at the airport as she returned .
 beryl martin , 90 , and les hogan , 92 dated as teenagers .
 three bodies found following explosion in stockholm this morning .
spent 50 hours and performed amputations to rescue survivors .
despite being offered release he refused to give up his faith .
australia is the world 's largest island but smallest continent .
new strain has infected 108 people in china , 22 of whom have died .'
 taiwanese ` doggiepants ' are designed to prevent female pups from attracting unwanted attention from male dogs .
 british man paul marshallsea , 62 , saved toddlers from shark in shallows .
 di stefano to marry secretary gina gonzalez who is 50 years his junior .
 bill clinton responds to former vice-president 's idea .
the chef is given an 18 week suspended prison sentence .
captured leaping through the air to pounce on unsuspecting kudu below .'
farmer richard griffiths only spotted the lamb because of his striped face .
he says each patient having one doctor in charge would improve care .
the rihanna for river island collection is due to hit stores on 5 march .
store has been left exactly as it was on its last day of business 12 years ago .
children 's surgery stopped after report by care quality commission .
lost half his body weight , now clocking in at 16lbs .
15 hours later he was arrested on suspicion of burglary .
they stuffed his body in the trunk of his car and picked up julia martinez .
allem , of west dunbartonshire , scotland , now planning a holiday .
 kai schoonrad posed for the figure of a boy soldier carrying a grenade .
parents were told to abort her as she only had a 50/50 chance of survival .
 school in chester was shutdown in 2008 and demolished a year later .
 the former chief whip said it would set a ` terrible ' precedent .
seven other stations in britain had fewer than 100 passengers last year .
she is accused of having sex with boy in her car and at his home .'
the deception went on for two weeks at denmark hill station .
 christian medical fellowship said financial incentives should be ` eradicated ' .
tests taking place to make sure it belonged to band master wallace hartley .
 prince philip attended 347 engagements in 2012 up from 330 in 2011 .
 briton richard yates can not get ticket for event and ca n't attend .
 sarah catt , 35 , aborted her unborn baby ` in the final stages of pregnancy ' .
marriage .
microsoft 's windows 8 software under fire for ` making too many changes '
 hollywood star books resort for lavish party under name ` mr naff ' .
revelation came during rebekah brooks evidence to leveson inquiry .
critics using legal troubles to undermine heslin 's gun-control advocacy .
but he is being pulled along shoreline , rather than being attached to boat .'
tablet computers and wifi used to stream bible passages and hymns .
 edward can now walk on all fours for the first time in his life .
it arrived with $ 1.40 postage due , so she posted negative feedback on site .
tom had ` no contact ' with katie when he collected child for visitation .
accompanied by wealthy banker friend tom kingston .
 eurovision acts have experience racism behind the scenes .
department of health says ` faith and prayer are not a substitute for any form of treatment '
 elina jaksone and gagik manucharyan exploited other immigrants .
 double burials were extremely rare in the middle ages .
 alexey ponamarev , 28 , is now preparing to sue the bar for more than # 10,000 after he was left with burns on his face and ear .'
it is considered to be one of dover 's finest examples of victorian architecture .
 lucky women tend to have hair like helen mirren and kate moss ' mouth .
sales of sleeping aids have soared by 20 per cent .
david sherborne and carine patry hoskins claim it began after inquiry .
last person in contact with her has been detained after questioning by police .
left police premises this afternoon after being interviewed under caution .'
 essex mother shopped then went clubbing in london .
handed caution three years ago for abandoning them .'
 danish publication will print 60-70 photos in a supplement .
 at least three killed in flooding across the midwest - two at same spot .
close fell pregnant with twins through use of donor eggs .
 five dead after heavy gunfire in federal way , outside of seattle .
there are many theories on kravchenko 's mysterious death .
using it he is able to burn through coins , bottles and wood in seconds .'
funerals for mother and son held earlier this week .
 former welsh guardsman anthony kelly , 18 , hit his head on the road when he jumped out of a moving taxi near rhyl , north wales .
 sotheby 's set to auction 23 jewels from italian actress 's extensive collection .
 streatham mp facing accusations he doctored his own wikipedia page .
actor hugh grant says ` no one will give up on this ' .
chelsea thornton ` had struggled to look after her children for years '
abdifatah , ten , had been struck 70 times with a rolling pin .
he has travelled across 50 states feeding his passion for the cuisine .
but as a child , mr chan said he hated chinese food and preferred spaghetti .
 only 31 per cent of scots say they will vote to leave uk , poll shows .
their foreman warned they would be sacked if they left - and was true to his word .
 marlene mints , 31 , held on $ 300,000 bond at the dallas county jail .
rate among white middle aged people was even higher , up a shocking 40 per cent between 1999-2010 .
 julia link , 30 , was flying light aircraft above hawaii when it lost power .
 keandre varner incorrectly stated the reason why his principal had a mugshot .
the bars however have received a mixed response from consumers .
 kaepernicking is the latest posing craze to follow tebowing and griffining .'
 miley byrne , 25 , stormed into travelodge hotel carrying warrant card .
woman says shah wanted sex with her alone but davies did not let her .'
 jeff wright , 28 , has turned himself into buzz lightyear and super mario .
 grandfather peter dodds , 70 , discovered card addressed to his late mother .
chris grayling defends paying ex-offenders to mentor criminals .'
chetham 's school of music teacher moved to california in 1991 .
 maria castro-montes said her family are ` horribly sorry ' for the years of torture amanda berry , michelle knight and gina dejesus endured .
cites ` childhood sexual abuse ' but robson was one of the star witnesses during the singer 's 2005 trial .
disappeared .'
 david aves had only been out of jail a matter of days when he reoffended .
steven was born a ` blue baby ' and had been in and out of the hospital during his short life span .
she survived by eating scraps of leftover fast food left in the car .
 the pair are expected to be released on electronic tag in may .
she 's made fortune from goods associated with old-fashioned homemaking .
 west yorkshire police 's nicholas mcfadden exploited ` slack ' procedures .
the encounter was captured by swiss photographer mark m\xc3\xbcller .
his verbal talents have been viewed more than a million times on youtube .'
 royal australian mint has also produced a 20 cent coin for the anniversary .'
arias now on suicide watch after speaking about how she wants to die .'
` liable ' .
the designs were initially inspired by films such as the hunger games .
 the 38-second clip is believed to have been filmed in russia .
 hassan nasrallah warned the battle in syria ` will be long ' .
comments seen as hint hezbollah will increase support for assad regime .
each composite image is half illustration half photograph .'
re-manufacturing .'
it will take part in the exotic car rally gumball 3000 later this month .'
 confederate fighter thomas j ` stonewall ' jackson was shot on may 2 , 1863 .
he became trapped while digging for bait by the river adur .
firefighters and lifeboat crews came to the man 's aid as the tide came in .
soldiers from headley court rehabilitation centre said to be ` disappointed ' .
most were hauled out of rubbish dumps and restored to their former glory .
he was filmed diving into the wall of snow to try and escape .
 chris head had very little exposure to sunlight when playing out .
trump has warned weiner 's wife to leave him ` before it happens again ' .
 graduates have returned home without repaying loans .
slain suspect tamerlan tsarnaev reportedly had links to violent group .'
domestic violence is behind 30 per cent of murders in the balkan country .
edward packer , 73 , is fighting the order to remove the posts .
 security company hired by uk government to guard g8 summit .
 victor quevedo , 40 , killed in front of his wife and 13-year-old step-daughter .
but despite court case owner maintains : ` my customers are very happy '
 queen 's speech vote to be hijacked by tories demanding referendum .
 free home improvements could be offered in return for wind farms .
but viewers are less than impressed as the dance duo is from holland .'
she sipped water from bottles dropped down cavities by rescuers .
refit after some of its 900 windows were installed wrong way round .
 sgt.
he escaped almost a month ago from hmp prescoed open prison .
authorities reveal that suv had been stolen before the crash .
miss berry gave birth to her six-year-old daughter while held captive .
priority will be given to teenagers from poor backgrounds and those in care .
plans for it to become the country 's most successful state-funded school .
 bishop of grantham says the ceremony is ` asking for trouble ' .
now works as a chef in a secondary school canteen .
this has meant restaurants can serve the delicacy at reduced prices .
former 007 roger moore there while shooting ` the spy who loved me '
 angolan colobus monkeys typically share parenting between themselves .
 castle cafe in rochdale offers # 15 breakfast for free if customers meet challenge .
but mp says there is now a ` serious question mark hanging over ' keogh .
he said that his older brother tamerlan spearheaded the blasts .
his wife blamed collapse on pressure after he was dropped by channel 4 .
convicted burglar uwe giesemann , 69 , has been on the run since november .'
her mother margaret , 52 , died on friday after incident in greenock .
st neots residents started campaign for complex to be built six years ago .'
 ian katz was the deputy editor and head of news at the left-leaning paper .
later emerged she had posed nude for calendar with colleagues .
 gurkiren kaur loyal , eight , died in punjab on april 2 during family holiday .
kira izzard and laura cull have been together for four years .
 finance ministers from across europe agree to # 6.2 billion rise .
he does pull-ups from crane as tower blocks below look like toy houses .
tribunal says commerzbank had an ` extreme reaction ' in sacking her .
thieves took laptop from suite at the wyndham grand hotel , chelsea .'
 malcolm hingle crashed his police motorbike while following a drug dealer .
 fawsley hall in northamptonshire was once home to knightly family .
 st paul 's church in staverton , wilts , closed after parishioner .
56 % loved the decade because of the fashion , 23 % because of sport .'
 tabitha oxer-patey was in her mother 's womb when pc richard oxer died .
he was brought to the orangutan care centre and quarantine in july 2010 .
those in the wild often evade water and clean themselves with their fingers .'
was married to alleged bomber tamerlan tsarnaev until his death .
he appeared on the late show , today and this morning after being fired .
boris johnson was in third place with a respectable 12 per cent of the vote .'
 paul shane died at a hospice surrounded by his family in south yorkshire .
 labour leader under pressure over expensive spending promises .
fourth largest powerball jackpot of $ 338.3 million won by .
 prime minister ordered review of european union 's power over britain .
 china launched what it said was a science mission on monday night .
scuba experts developed technique allowing her to operate flotation tubes .
participants cling on to variety of objects - including other people .
rebel leader tim loughton said change does not go far enough .
system .
 describes experience during historic first visit as ` humbling and inspiring ' .
 jennifer jones , 27 , and rob blackmore , 31 , love halloween and zombies .
dressed as the undead for dream day before honeymoon in the caribbean .
 thousands of protestors clashed with police in heated protest .
 sculptor bjorn perborg rescued the instrument from the scrapheap .
campaign group hacked off reject plan as ` ` far short of leveson . '
she may have suffered head injury in the first accident .
denied the move was a sign he was panicking on europe .
 eight-week-old tortoiseshell kitten survives 30 minutes in washing machine .
 the video was made by chris angelini and his two-year-old son lucas .
totters around house in bakersfield , ca , saying : ` look at my cool glasses ' .
believes 16 and 17-year-olds more likely to die or be seriously wounded .
 paul hit it off with american baking competition judge marcela valladolid .
the 47-year-old has ` told friends only that he has split from his wife ' .
the student , 21 , was actually hiding out at a hotel in north london .
 richard swanson , 42 , was struck and killed by a pickup truck on tuesday morning .
ross gundlach and casey completed 150 missions together in afghanistan .
alessia was born naturally 26 weeks premature on february 2 , 2010 .
her sister lara was delivered by c-section 23 weeks premature on feb 16 .'
in cali .
 treasure trove of 497 coins found in former grape-drying facility in village .
 dina perez , 56 , brutally attacked and mugged by man in brooklyn subway station earlier this month .
 thousands of fish killed in the rodrigo de freitas lagoon .
ultimatum issued after seoul protesters burned picture of kim il sung .
 letters believed to have been sent from downtown spokane apartment building .
company to deny liability , claiming he was responsible for his own death .  '
not on my watch ' .
the outside lane will be reserved for olympic officials .
he explained that they can be .
 the star of spooks and married , single , other has split with boyfriend ralf little after four years .
signed by heads of bt , shell , eurostar , lloyds and wpp .
she is appealing the length of her sentence as she believes it is ` too long ' .
 pictures reveal sir anthony hopkins 's transformation into legendary director .
artist says sir anthony was ' a delight ' to work with .
the former french president may have to go on trial .
falah hassan hid under a lorry to escape to britain .
 lumbago or lower back pain affects 80 % of people .
 alyssia clayton-minta was in so much pain her mother had to carry her .
items range from # 500 to # 25,000 and expects to fetch total of # 360,000 .
 facebook rules prevent children under 13 from signing up .
but a third of nine to 12-year-olds are believed to have a facebook profile .
they packed her up in a holdall and then went to hefei bus station .
police have arrested her ex-roommate kc joy on suspicion of murder .
luo was haunted by childhood memories of his distant birthplace .
has history of psychotic episodes and held in a secure hospital .
one organisation is a key partner of hacked off .
poll of 3,600 gardeners was carried out ahead of the chelsea flower show .'
the former anglican clergyman abused more than a dozen girls and boys .
he said three of the sisters have ` no money at all ' while he spends a fortune .
doctors will attempt to drain fluid from her brain tomorrow .
 leeds infirmary told mother to ` enjoy the time she had left ' with lily .
the school will be closed on wednesday for precautionary cleaning .
 margaret thatcher 's funeral will be led by the bishop of london , the right rev richard chartes .
 zaid al-hilli , 53 , denies murdering his brother saad and two family members .
sarah ` fergie ' ferguson was not invited to the royal wedding in 2011 .
messages .
the 81-year-old has said the experience has made her even more fearless .
police have questioned a british businessman she met that night .
police say stacey slamka and the boy had sex six times at her florida home .
 app pulls data from women who recently checked in via foursquare .
 senator mccain backing republican nominee jeff flake in prescott , arizona .
cancer removed in three-hour op .
she will now have chemotherapy .'
dog owner bev concannon is unlikely to face criminal charges .
landsburg says post ` meant as fodder for thought '
 jeanine shimandale accused of having sex with teens while house-sitting during spring break .
popular books among year 11 and year 4 .
 olympic hero mo farah accused of undermining spirit of london marathon .
but his # 500 dynamic lycra splint suit supports his weakened muscles .
she collapsed in agony while out walking with owner paul manville .
the issue will be released on august 7 .
company to deny liability , claiming he was responsible for his own death .
hit william dawkins , 46 , when his blood sugar level plummeted .
 jason fyles was last seen in newcastle last thursday after a night out .
the monks set themselves on fire at the kirti monastery in aba .
 two presenters seen in same belstaff jacket on same broadcast .
 kate middleton is a loyal client at richard ward 's chelsea salon .
 lighthouse in anglesey , north wales on the marked for # 1.3 million .
 countries agreed to a ` watered-down ' legal agreement to cut emissions .
witness lisa pembleton said goodman described the crash as an ` end of the world accident '
people often put off by side-effects and not understanding instructions .
he was found guilty of killing three babies at his west philadelphia clinic .'
 max shacknai , 6 , sustained fatal injuries after falling down the staircase at his father 's california mansion in july 2011 .
two days later , his father 's girlfriend was found hanged at the home .
christian ferdinand , 20 , was found by police in maine .
company denies they hire out disabled tour guides for a fee .'
 firm expect to unveil next generation xbox 720 console .
al zarooni arrived for hearing at 2.30 pm to a scrum of photographers .
she ` appointed herself ' his personal prison officer and ` helped him abscond '
three london universities complete top five on new graduate rich list .
now a bodybuilder daniel , of wrexham , competes in championships .'
 beau rasmussen parted with friends after the san francisco bay area 's bay to breakers race sunday and has been missing ever since .
daniel reilly was slapped on the .
their care homes refused to let them live together .
 retired sgt joseph smith is suing air serv and united airlines for the november 2010 incident .
suffolk police say they are treating deaths as suspicious .
 the football manager , 71 , will be paid # 2million for 20 appearances a year .
sir alex has also agreed a # 2million advance for his second autobiography .
women are worse than men when it comes to changing the sheets .
 staff on punting idyll the river cam no longer feel safe .
 star skier made visits to clinic overseen by notorious doctor , bernd pansold .
she contracted rare form of pneumonia and was in coma for 6 weeks .
there are likely to be similar reductions in bed numbers across the uk .'
he stripped and jumped into water feature as onlookers cheered .
 sources say he has been ` hooked for a year and a half ' .
they are on a no-frills holiday in kauai , rumoured to be house hunting .'
most prominent figure to say in public that assad will not win .
mrs clinton dropped three places this year to number five .
 the cottage in glencoe is being auctioned at the end of may .
but ireland today denied it had any special rates with apple .
author , 71 , believes shows make food into theatre .'
next samantha plans to become a ` french female farmer '
 charity volunteer says man claimed he was ` stephen disney ' .
handed out passes to the theme park he had stolen from a store .
the 27-hour operation took place just weeks after accident .
 johnny berry , 52 , is full of rage at ariel castro and says if he could kill him - he would .
revealed his daughter , amanda , 27 , has not recovered from her traumatic ordeal .'
this breached his right to liberty , european court of human rights found .
dickinsons at 11am , akriggs at 1pm , winstanleys at 2pm .
have all remained very close friends , and children are best friends too .
six people were killed - including a 9-year-old girl .'
the fur on its back and abdomen were burned off and left to suffer for days .
children scream out in fear as the twister tears up briarwood elementary .'
 ava may llewellyn took her first dance steps when she was two-years-old .
police are hunting a vehicle which sped off from the scene .'
his request was ignored and he was given epidural while under anaesthetic .
established in the 5th century , the monastery is at the heart of chinese chan buddhism .'
reports claimed a senior ally of mr cameron described grassroots party activists as ` swivel-eyed loons ' .
davidson has n't been arrested and is ` helping police with enquiries '
much of victorian building work was still intact and builders also found original doors , signs and fittings .
she ` committed offences over 10 months from january to october 2012 .
 danish scientists using a technique which strips hiv virus from human dna .
they both need the same round-the-clock care including daily physiotherapy .
 north korean leader died on saturday at 20:30 on train .
he bombarded her with calls over 15 months while serving at belmarsh .
cornwall council has cancelled the ticket after she appealed .
city of london magistrate 's court told he will receive conditional caution .
 martin richard , 8 , was one of the three victims killed in the april 15 blast .
 brendon ayanbadejo claims up to four players are in discussions about revealing their homosexuality at the same time .
abusing rival fans at home and away games ; .
home situated in-between blaenau ffestiniog and llandudno junction .
police used ` find my iphone ' app to trace stolen phone back to them .
but the teenager has stunned medics by making a recovery .'
quarter of brits more conscious about smile than wobbly bits .
 colin hodge had remained anonymous along with co-founder omri mor .
 matthew david stewart , 39 , faced the death penalty in utah .
 family identified body found as 10-year-old zack mohamed fofana .
fellow classmate haysem sani , 9 , was pronounced dead earlier on wednesday .
 we steal secrets : the story of wikileaks is released today .
 sally bercow wrote : ` why is lord mcalpine trending ?
 sheri torkington , 32 , crashed into laura farnell 's car at a junction .
was jailed for six years today at bolton crown court .
he found mr hayton wearing gemma 's dressing gown .
the father-of-three from liverpool , n.y. was on his third tour of duty .
 diane gibson , 72 , the grandmother of josie gibson went on the run in 2000 .
says of ` no carbs before marbs ' diet : ` i 'll never give up el carbio ! '
kirk 's spokesman told mailonline the persons responsible for leaking the pictures were : ` malicious and socially irresponsible ' .
controlled impact followed year-long mission to map the moon 's gravity .
in august 2011 , she was first woman to undergo successful womb transplant .
 pageant in sao paulo open only to women aged 60 and over .
 ali iqbal and haider farooq , both 16 , ordered to ` grow up ' by magistrates .
tria lasers now available in harrods and harvey nichols .
the 43-year-old is now in charge of testing barrel and packaged lager .
spitfires were thought to have been buried in crates during wwii .
 robert mugabe signed new constitution that replaces document from 1980 .
settlement reached last year but only just made public .
 firm launches new 10 inch nexus 10 tablet to take on the ipad .
arrived at u.s. court with new wife kim lewis , who looks identical to tina .'
his wife teresa , from the lincolnshire wolds , had burns to her legs .
a man on the yacht did n't understand french rescuers , so called mr tucker .
a man on the yacht did n't understand french rescuers , so called mr tucker .
 na cola franklin , 31 , convicted of killing her husband-to-be on their wedding day last year .
 former cricketer ` shocked and saddened ' by death of zara shahid hussain .
 helen , 22 , was caught by a security guard at the brighton store .
lieutenant colonel miley investigated earlier over racy soldier calendar .
 the woman appeared drunk when she entered the shop in wakefield .
former archbishop of york lord hope denies cover-up of allegations .
 white goose shot by unknown person with a crossbow on dartmoor , devon .
he was in mexico city to meet with labor organizers before his death .
footage recovered from still intact camera revealed its underwater journey .'
police investigating whether the zookeeper committed suicide .
woman died after she crashed in to the back of his vehicle .
colonies can sell for # 200 , according to keeper .
criminals would require specialist skills and equipment .'
 green grass flip-flops available on firebox .'
 new technology allows couples to ` touch each other over the internet ' .
couples can sign up to trial the hi-tech underwear .
 footage shows how sharks are killed brutally with a bat .
he was riding the bike when it was claimed he called police officers ` plebs ' .
 jack scoble sent message to matthew pietzryk , who is awaiting a kidney .
 antelope caught out crossing crocodile-infested part of kenyan mara river .'
hospital denies the incident happened ; case is being investigated .'
the council sold the front garden he has rented for 25 years .
only one of the boys , max , has qualified for a clinical trial of a drug that appears to be curing him of the disease .
the dog that killed mr clarke was out-of-control and had to be shot dead .
 matching chameleon and butterfly captured in kahramanmaras , turkey .
 ban would prohibit visitors to wildwood , new jersey 's boardwalk from wearing pants more than three inches below the waist .
gareth williams was suffering with measles at the time of his death .
jackson given sexual offences prevention order and community order .
 56 % of voters say tories now more split than in the mid-1990s .
 sue and brian davie mystified by mewling sound at their bungalow in essex .
 scroll thought to be from 17th century was made between 1155 and 1225 .
sir paul mccartney pleads with russian courts to allow pussy riot parole .
it shows a man apparently firing a weapon at a car at a pedestrian crossing .
 ofcom has ` serious concerns ' about episode of itv show last november .
app was sold to dropbox 37 days after mailbox launched .
 now 58-year-old charla nash horrifically mauled by chimpanzee in 2009 .
least $ 50,000 during her college years and another $ 27,500 to .
the most persistent songs are from artists such as lady gaga , beyonce and rihanna .
the dog that killed him was out-of-control and had to be shot dead .
 cornish village of feock has one sign for every three residents .
dubbed britain 's most over-signed place with 864 on lanes and pathways .
appeal thrown out and he has been ordered to pay # 250 compensation .
leg and his mother , denise , is in hospital after undergoing .
martin 's older brother , 12-year-old henry , escaped .
 four nato staff die in crash southern afghanistan on saturday .
jarman says no action was taken over the high death rates .
 ntsb want to reduce the limit by nearly 40 % - it is currently 0.08 % .
 inflatable modules hailed as cheaper to launch and transport .
 matthew cherry , 35 , allegedly attacked former partner at six months ' pregnant , court heard .
 jeffrey horan , 43 , went on an erratic spending spree in 2010 .
he initially denied murder of chelsea hyndman , 20 , in may 2010 .
 francis knight , 31 , hacked into or cloned teenage girls ' facebook accounts .
he was questioned for 16 hours before read miranda rights .
 brian .
 calculator works out advertising value based on how much you ` share ' .
williams .
 physiotherapist captain dale walker was cautioned by police for assault .
his family were only informed he had been admitted two days after his death .
 christopher leeds , 35 , carried out attack on norwich branch .
 sheryl crow to appear on entertainment tonight and speak about former fiance lance armstrong 's admission of doping to oprah winfrey last week .
 u.s. embassy evacuated and rail lines shut .
 the laboratory of molecular biology -lrb- lmb -rrb- is a world-leading institute .
cllr snowdon is a former mayor of sherborne in dorset .
now 89 , dole says he doubts he would have been the modern-day republican candidate .
he suggested that the republican national committee hang a sign that says ` closed for repairs ' until 2014 .
 scott simon was arrested after police say he pocket dialed 911 .
 bella rodriguez-torres was diagnosed with stage four alveolar .
rhabdomyosarcoma at age four .
novak and fellow long island emt , scott sherwood , who he allegedly paid to drive him to his wife 's home are awaiting trial for murder .
accused of trying to establish a base for anti-pyongyang activities .'
phoned a woman who works with her husband on rikers island .
 country 's largest festival devoted to history takes place june 24 to 30 .
 child was at the centre of a wrangle over who could be its legal parents .
 fresh footprints do not match those of beast found dead on monday .
driver and four passengers walk away unscathed from bizarre accident .'
landmark privacy case is thought to be the first of its kind in the uk .
 kayla ferrante hit by bullet in the back as her boyfriend drove her home to make midnight curfew .
nike trainers and hugo boss jeans recovered from pimlico flat .
executive is leaving barclays after 19 years in management shake-up .
 nadine ascencao , 24 , dated tamerlan tsarnaev for three years .
yet there is still no product available to tackle it .
each shelf is worth # 35million but exact location can not be revealed .
when he got the helpless woman to her home he raped her and fled .
america .
justice '
 robert knowles , 66 , was first hauled before a court aged 13 .
police said mr murch is cooperating and is not considered a suspect .
 online chemist says men are increasingly buying treatments for all three ailments in one order , with sales up 40 per cent on the previous year .
claims it is ` absurd ' that foreign students are shunning uk universities .
making art keeps the animals mentally stimulated .'
 alberto ostacchini , of west lothian , captured scene over river forth .
experts say dolphins are wild animals and can not be trusted at a live birth .
police found blood and bone in lounge , hallway and bathroom .
 huhne was interviewed by the bafta-winning artist at a cafe .
 first navy fleet combining choppers with unmanned drones unveiled .
controlled by a squadron of 140 sailors known as the ` magicians ' .
the boy 's father michael kirlan awoke to the sound of gunshots .
when she realised that he was not who he claimed she jumped out the car when he was at a traffic light .'
 toddler was ` struck by screen that fell ' while eating with his parents .
 shakara taylor , formerly of blackpool , lancs.
before the triplets , had a stillborn daughter , amelia , and two miscarriages .
mothers who took drug gave birth to children without arms and legs .
 the explosion last night is not thought to be a terror attack .
 brian coleman , former mayor of barnet , posts claim about sex life .
70-year-old has described the allegations as ` completely false ' .
he and daughter emily , 8 , were killed when their boat tipped over .
 other foods leave 19-month-old douglas husband writhing in agony .
 sailendra nath roy , 50 , was trying to cross teesta river , in darjeeling .
badgers are blamed for spreading tuberculosis among cattle and livestock .
 bidding process launched to assess scale of challenge .
 minneapolis-st .
french closer magazine could also be closed for up to five years .
 the cubs were born at tobu zoo , near tokyo , on march 16 .
 roman atwood passes his yawn onto tourists in the us , uk , and france .
 gerardo perez , 50 , was charged with felony sexual contact with an animal on saturday .
guards noticed a bottle of liquid in her hand luggage and asked her to throw it away or drink it .
now they are asking him to sell his house to pay # 40,000 costs plus interest .
mrs mann had been in charge for less than six months when she died .'
 police called after newspapers set on fire near houses of parliament .
warmer temperatures than those predicted in parts of italy and france .
junctions 25 and 27 closed off on m25 after lorry spills chemicals .'
 60 mps have been on trips in connection with appgs in recent months .
yarmouth , norfolk , yesterday .
he has been jailed for 20 weeks after wife in buckinghamshire called police .
duchess of cambridge will visit wythenshawe estate later this month .
it 's their jolly , ' said goldsmith .
evening .
attacker stood outside the glasgow shop with a bottle of burning fuel .
 central st martins is world renowned art and design college .
 ` doctor shopping ' is significantly more common among the overweight .
off-putting , unwanted weight loss advice and too small furniture to blame .
` that led to another offender requesting hiv test over fears he had aids ' .
charges include possession of a bladed article and class a drugs .'
 services by sedgefield veterans take place each time solider is repatriated .
 the duke and duchess are staying at the # 5million house on mustique .
on young , crying performers : ' i do n't think that 's entertainment . '
 the duchess of cambridge told a soldier she is hoping for a boy .
the dog belonged to wilkerson 's neighbor and was ` not generally dangerous ' .
 the report from the land registry highlights the gulf between london and the rest of the uk .
in the capital , the average house price has increased by 9.6 per cent .
 ex-education secretary says she was pursued by older men in 1970s .
she is now suing police over claims they leaked her name to press .
 watkins , 35 , denied a total of 23 sex offences at cardiff crown court .
many later took to twitter , describing it as ` horrific ' and ` beyond acceptable ' .
it could help bring proportional representation to force .
 jeff bush , 37 , was sucked into the hole under his home in february .
 former labour minister in line to be on board of sistema .
hibbert scored 24 points in the pacers ' 91-77 victory over the miami heat .
british women weigh 7.5 lbs more than in 1951 and are 1.5 in taller .
trial for rape at canterbury crown court collapsed minutes before start .
rapper wretch 32 offers to step in a last-minute replacement .
parenting expert alarmed it reinforces gender stereotypes .
their home in civil parish of enderby , leicestershire , has been trashed .
 workers pack up the set from the blockbuster olympic games closing ceremony .
vehicle suffered a flat tire and damage to the bumper and fender in the attack .
 blind labrador ellie was saved from being put down three months ago .
now inspiring others with her joyful approach to life .'
 guy meuser , 50 , sprung a leak during voyage from uruguary to europe .
he fell into the .
the move could result in more inmates being sent home .
army personnel urged to look out for tattoos with swastikas or barbed wire .'
 embattled today show host seen aboard the vessel in the hamptons .'
the houston man was in australia on a work visa , and had been living there for six months .
 ruth carter , 42 , conceived with the help of technology which monitored the growth of embryos .
 farmbloomington , in bloomington , indiana , placed the advert on craigslist .
he became oldest person alive in december after death of dina manfredini .'
 delhi police chief neeraj kumar says ` humungous ' fixing operation started with dawood .
london is worst affected location and young people are worst-hit group .'
 joe bath was beaten to a pulp by his ex-girlfriend 's brother lee cekic .
 britain hit with torrential rain this morning following bank holiday sunshine .
reveals she misses ` london style ' and high street shops living in la .
speaking in interview as pantene pro-v ambassador for cancer hair care .
 # 80.6 million spent on military kit last year with just # 5million spent in britain .
 jacob cockle 's whirlpool videos have been viewed more than 2million times .
she smiled as she got into an unmarked police car and was driven away .
couple shared their lives until carol 's husband robert died in 2011 .
maximum trouser size in retailer growing from 40 to 48 inches .
 lu sun was fed up of thieves taking stock from her store in wenzhou , china .
 cannibal chianti and suit yourself pinot grigio based on 1991 thriller .
he is embroiled in legal battle with ex-wife michelle young over maintenance .
gunman escapes with ` substantial ' amount of cash from vault .
 nine firefighters rescued the man from the arch of the belgrade bridge .
the man , known only as ivan t , was then taken away by police .'
her husband , lord charles brocket , appeared in i 'm a celebrity .
it boosted the budget for horror-comedy eldorado from # 1m to # 2.5 million .
 tory mp philip davies hits out at costs after visiting brother in hospital .
but the companies rarely request further details from police officers .
chief constable helped to find and arrest the suspect .'
on trial at liverpool crown court and denies allegations .'
gunman blamed solicitor for repossession of his home and break up .
mother lives in married quarters at arborfield garrison , near reading .
inquest found toddler alfie died of chest infection following misdiagnosis .
claims made by 50 police officers and 16 civilian staff .
she will urinate through a hole next to her belly button .
exquisite handwoven carpet is more than 360 years old .
 the small puppy was covered in gasoline by his abusers before being set alight .
education department will spend # 126m on education over the next three years .
david suffered from the most aggressive form of the cancer , but survived .
doctors now likely to recommend taking the drug for an extra five years .
 real life spider man james carnevale has revealed himself as the man in the photo near the top of seattle 's iconic space needle .
was out on photography dive with friends greg olsen and richard boyd .
 the bones of three triceratops were found by a team of 25 paleontologists .
promised action in wake of the killing of drummer lee rigby .
 dehydration leading to 5 to 10 per cent annual increase .
willis , 29 , told the court : ` we never had all three of us together ' .
 tina adams is throwing daughter 's birthday party that will end at 9.30 pm .
tchida dropped the girl off at multiple locations where she was prostituted to multiple men for $ 200 per sexual act .
 e.w.
 kim kardashian revealed her plans on sunday night 's reality show .
` it is destructive for bookshops ' , said culture minister .
told the court she had been sexually abused when she was a teenager .
 meghan reynolds was enjoying an evening with friends in sunderland park .
cross-section of the typhoon aircraft and pre-flight checks in hanger can also be seen .
 singer was airlifted to hospital after tumbling from car onto the m1 .
 yokamon hearn was convicted of murdering 23-year-old stockbroker frank meziere in dallas , texas , in 1998 .
 miranda hebble was ` suffering from aneamia and struggling to sleep ' .
 lionel , 55 , made her name with novel we need to talk about kevin .
slim writer says ` we are meant to be hungry ' .
firefly 's adam baldwin called him ` stupid ! '
the bollywood star allegedly placed bets on a match involving the royals .
group widely believed to have voted for khan sayed to replace rehman .
she also ` went on a zipline and lifted furniture and groceries '
beat off 54 other participants to win and will now represent in miss universe .'
 savings made by cutting civil service costs and reshaping pensions .
legislators claim the new act will help states and .
by 2020 , .
 court says ezekiel gilbert 's actions were justified as escort took his money .
deadly airborne diseases such as tb more widespread in 19th century .
jacque waller had been missing for two years before her body was found on an island in the mississippi river on may 29 .
 ava carvey was diagnosed with prader-willi syndrome at nine-weeks-old .
pokuta was jailed for seven years at bradford crown court .'
he had been on an ambitious sailing trip when he fell overboard in the pacific .
 theresa may admits she ordered ` pilot ' scheme .
 norwegian gallery wanted to save money by having artwork sent in the post .
 pamela devitt of littlerock , was brutally attacked by four dogs on may 9 and died on her way to hospital .
 annmarie james-thomas was diagnosed with cervical cancer two years ago .
 200 people were taking part in the southwold pier to pub swim today .
those involved had to swim a mile in the north sea for charity .
license .
preserved lemon sales up 72 % year-on-year at waitrose .
now james middleton and donna air look virtually inseparable .'
 sushil patel is standing for ukip in hertfordshire county council elections .
he is the father of rising tory star and leading right-winger priti patel .
later said he is ` proud ' to be a ukip candidate and of his daughter .
 pictures show prisoners working the fields at a colony near krasnoyarsk .
parents with left wing views choose more feminine names .
i was very upset ' admits mitt over secretly-recorded 47 % comment .
 workers spotted the man peering out from the pipe in sishi .
pursers often used free supplies and kept food budgets for themselves .
kieu said to be angry with her husband for cheating and wanting divorce .
 mother-of-three , emma day , 27 , from cheltenham , had thyroid cancer .
respect to superior officers .
ran straight into headquarters by mistake where he was quickly caught .'
inspired by ghanaian craftsman paa joe , a leader in the field .
world health organisation says virus is now greatest global threat .'
 the galaxy , dubbed hfls3 is 12.8 billion .
escaped by re-starting car and climbing out before it exploded .
lost # 1,400 worth belongings in the blaze and suffered burns to legs .'
13 disappointed families travelled hundreds of miles for bogus holiday .
 michael vandenburgt , 38 drove in right-hand lane for 60 seconds before crashed into jacqueline emmott , 67 .
critics say such shock tactics fail to work .'
he was sentenced to three years in jail and ordered to do 16 months of supervision .
 sarah jones and cody york , the student she admitted she had an illegal sexual relationship with , are engaged .
 the burj khalifa stands 2,722 ft over the city of dubai .
 joanne suffered with hair-pulling disorder trichotillomania from age 6 to 15 .
the predator now survives in a far east corner of russian siberia .
 rev david dickinson made efforts to modernise the holy trinity church , in hoghton , lancashire .
prediction follows recent government ` code of conduct ' for public cctv .
 reshma begum , 19 , was pulled out of the factory wreckage on may 10 .
dancer claims he was ` hounded ' by ballet 's director anatoly iksanov .
artistic director filin had acid thrown in his face in january .
 nixon hunter was premature and has undergone multiple operations .
andrew mitchell vigorously denies calling officers ` f ****** plebs '
public school boy in chicago charged with battery after prank backfires .'
the new book , the world according to karl , is out in september .
lizzie siddall campaigned for women to be able to wear loose-fitting clothing .
daughter kim tremaine said penicillin allergy was on his medical chart .
his bride , 20 , was wearing white dress for suspected sham marriage .
prayers for him today at church services in woolwich and elsewhere .'
 opemipo jaji , 18 , pounced on girl moments after seeing probation officer .
amalia damonte turned him down .
sandwich ` grilled like a sausage ' , named for prosecutor blown up in 1992 .
lubbers : ` those silly things are an absolutely pointless part of a tradition '
 anthony lee , 49 , was gunned down in lakeside while at a friend 's home .
defendant . '
 both levi chavez and his wife were having extramarital affairs at the time of the shooting .
 margaret , 59 , and keith woods , 67 , are now scared of going in bathroom .
 researchers discover migrants in bronze age burial site in kent .
 attorney had requested confidential testimony as some witnesses said they were concerned for their safety .
mother emma bradburn admitted causing or allowing the death of her child .
said 14 year sentence did not reflect ` the severity ' of what he had done .
reality tv star granddaughter josie , 28 , was in court to see her sentenced .
borough is one of britain 's poorest , but has some of the most betting shops .
 scott harman , 30 , shock his eight-month-old daughter to death .
 karl josiah 's family launched a frantic search for him after went missing .
confused male lost end of its tail after hanging for up to four hours .
 mercedes and a seat collided on the motorway near cannock .
in 2009 he was convicted of plundering his late mother 's millions .
but a new york judge refused him leave to appeal the conviction .
 matrixyl is found in everyday skincare products and cosmetics .
other celebrities to use them include rachel bilson and gwyneth paltrow .
collins told her his homosexuality was the real reason he ended things .'
staff ordered her off the premises and she drove off without the child .
her raft capsized on the dalaman river as it was going down rapids .
passengers forced to wait for hours in the middle of the night .
genetically-modified technology could eradicate diseases such as dieback .'
but 16-year-old suddenly felt pins and needles in legs after getting stuck .
 the five star haitian hotel in qingdao , eastern china , was reduced to rubble in seconds this morning .
alan turing created the theory in a paper ` on computable numbers ' in 1936 .
 rare birds smuggled into vienna international airport from bali in indonesia .
 iconic leader , 94 , remains in a ` serious but stable ' condition .
family denies barring government officials and anc leaders from visiting him .
she had to quit after 11 hours because of the jelly fish sting .
 brett seacat murdered wife vashti , the mother of his two sons , 16 days after she filed for divorce in 2011 .
 tony perrin put picture of himself in balaclava pointing a gun on facebook .
he was jailed for 34 months at portsmouth crown court today .
the boy miraculously survived but still has ` nightmares ' about his ordeal .
support peaked in the wake of local elections when it gained 139 seats .'
 heads of unusual sculptures made out of stuffed animals .
the pm said : ' i am now being branded as being a murderer '
youtube banned after film the innocent of muslims was uploaded .'
 cecil was one of the most successful trainers in racing 's history .
businessman claims he grabbed stick and used it to injure one of the men .
 he appeared in public with new girlfriend myriam l'aouffir .
 researchers studied parakeets that live in constantly changing flocks in costa rican forests .
 researchers dismiss alternative out of africa theory has having ` no evidence ' .
stiff feathers would have been an advantage when flapping or gliding .
john bercow expresses mock surprise at groans for ` the good doctor ' .
 philip pullman leading campaign to ensure writers are paid for e-books .
 web security firm kaspersky said 23 per cent of blocked searches in the uk were for porn and recorded 25million attempts to access porn globally .
emergency services were scrambled to the scene but the man died .
 19-month-old girl suffered ` life-changing injuries ' .
toddler in induced coma in bristol specialist unit .
it 's six-litre v12 engine generates a staggering 560bhp .
the channel apologized on facebook after dozens of comments .
 18-month-old frankie mould had to be put in a coma for 12 days .
 angiograms are inaccurate 26 % of the time says professor nick curzen .
 alfie jones , two , has an ` unbalanced chromosome rearrangement ' .
 mandy brazil , 47 , saw edition of lorraine dedicated to highlighting symptoms .
says that she credits lorraine kelly and dr hilary jones with saving her life .
departure wiped # 650million of bank 's value on ftse100 .
video .
 whelk eggs and shells were also washed ashore at cleethorpes .
nearly a quarter of residents in some states are classed as binge-drinkers .
 jamie taylor and mother julie ignored the dogs ' barks .
 dolores valandro , of italy 's lega nord , called for cecile kyenge to be raped .
cecile kyenge is integration minister and italy 's first black minister .
lorna 's mother , christine , says she is ` ecstatic and over the moon ' .
 colin the wallaby escaped from his pen in solihull last night .
police say that the men all ` appeared to be drunk ' at the time .
 kingsholm primary school in gloucester introduced ban after pupil fell .
sen. flake : ` i 'm very disappointed in my teenage son 's words '
friend says he was planning to move to virgin islands .
 billy howard and joe moon had their hair cut eighth of an inch too short .
george osborne had pledged to increase the threshold to # 1m in 2007 .'
father then shot jessica , 22 , and jennifer , 16 , before killing himself .'
unusual one-day sale events offering discounts of 20 per cent .
handset will be revealed at a new york event on thursday .
research shows how mass extinction allowed other species to compete .'
aziz yazdanpanah , 56 , allegedly killed six people and himself in texas .
 lance corporal matthew wilson , 21 , risked life by running in front of sniper .
in human years that translates to 198 and 178 years .
 ed miliband and labour voted against limiting benefits to # 26,000 a year .
some have called for ballmer 's ouster .
 blow is credited with discovering mcqueen when he was a fashion student .
father then shot jessica , 22 , and jennifer , 16 , before killing himself .'
did not enter a plea in court despite having confessed to the police .
was a cashier in department store and arrested for stealing make-up .
following weeks of rain concerns growing over ground at big events .
channel 4 investigation cast doubt on police account .'
 david cameron says he is surrounded by ` talented people ' .
 olivia wilson was playing on exmouth beach when she ran over hot sand .
 jack williams , 16 , killed himself on the same spot that his father died .
in stark contrast , belgium is spending # 20million on events .'
designer versions are on sale .
the birds are shown taking a break on top of telephone wires in the western french town of poitou .
 amanda .
the family have been left ` frantic with worry ' since disappearance on monday .
designers say they are already being used by microsoft and us marines .'
 detectives are looking for peter watton , 37 , in connection with a rape .
trains will be connecting london 's st pancras with germany and holland .
 one in two british women are unhappy with their looks .
it worker fell down some stairs at work and claims health and safety breach .
the eight-year-old is inspired by fairytale character rapunzel .
 luis goncalves was given a kidney by his father ed , 45 .
she then married her 16-year-old boyfriend evan and lived with his family .
he did n't recognise his wife linda and daughters olivia , 18 , and lilly , 15 , when he woke up .
 stunt man danny macaskill was left struggling to walk after injuries .
he has visited a specialist clinic as he tries to cope with injuries .'
 lagerfeld internship sold as part of auction for natalia vodianova 's charity .
 chris hadfield , 53 , will bow out from the canadian space programme next month .
ms green sent messages on facebook posing as other woman .
an affair with louise , saying : ` i 'm not going to discuss my personal life '
 sarah tatterson , from west seattle , has completed a dozen half-marathons .
 johnson had been due to get plea deal when he slapped his attorney 's butt in court to widespread laughter .
 country singer 's texas home has infinity pool and sleek look .
conditions .'
the rock created a 50-foot hole in a frozen lake near chelyabinsk .
 facebook ceo visits president park geun-hye at her official residence .
it 's now five years since he won a major championship .
medical examiner had report on his desk for more than a week between the little boy 's death but did not inform the police - he has now resigned .
 pc adam koch was stabbed as he responded to the knife attack .
now the housing authority has apologised for taking 10 days to fix it .'
 pastor maldonado also crashed , causing race to be red flagged .
judge said that there is no evidence gambling encourages violence .
up to 7,000 are set to lose out on their savings to save the bank .'
 maria miller requesting action plans from web firms before the autumn .
the web company director was a keen promoter of ` wild swimming ' .
he had learned how to deal with a choking incident earlier that day .
she had used the periodic table to construct a code .
 billie lee cooper , 50 , arrested on suspicion .
 john ` the executioner ' martorano has admitted to 20 murders .
 ultimate uk weekend for # 1million put together by private jet magazine .
watch more clips from the bbc three 's the call centre here .
lord steel said it was ` thoroughly undesirable ' and ` never purpose ' of act .
 education spokesman tristram hunt reveals he regularly teaches pupils .
 yasmin dad , 46 , says she found her son rahim cowering in an alleyway after being set upon by tormentors .
 roger johnston , 74 , had tickets booked to france .
santos was suspected of shooting dead her father in 1986 .
 comet panstarrs seen over the irish sea from the cumbrian coast .
it is all but confirmed that it will be current vice president xi jinping .'
she had scalds to her lower back and died weeks later .
 couple beat their children with brooms , hoovers and wires , claiming they were possessed by evil spirits .
 ibragim todashev , 27 , was shot dead during an fbi interview on may 22 .
 footage of incident from cctv camera in arequipa , peru .'
labour leader claims bankers delayed bonuses until after ta cut .
 bennett rill , 14 , was killed on tuesday night in fairfax county .
 kathleen .
 single mother sadia raza , 49 , was harassed by manager graham holland .
 moscow said it would target mr berezovsky 's ` heirs ' to recover fortune .
showed her saying her former nanny was ` obsessed ' with the singer , and .
 lawrence hughes ` stashed dozens of lewd images on school computers ' .
mother of one of his former students claims her son told her he had seen child porn on hughes ' computer seven years ago .
is dating one of the miss galaxy universe uk contestants .
court hears they are now considering taking him on as security adviser .'
only 79 per cent of families approve bowel donation .
the 38-year-old believed that she was the anti-christ .
boy was with his father as he tried on clothes at the outlet shop .
government should contract the best teachers to parachute into schools .
his widow rosana has gone to court for a larger share of his fortune .
produced in the u.s.  abdullah has .
sakru , 48 , visited the spot where his son was killed today .
her mother wrote : ` please someone wake me up from this nightmare ' .
until now , women were only given paper knickers to wear under a gown .
she was accused of stealing from warren walker , the father of her daughter .
an entire family enjoy a picnic under a tree on a woman 's nails which have been covered in grass .
 district nurse said charity told her it would ` not be appropriate ' .
it is now believed he has a chromosomal abnormality .
bernard charles may join other french tycoons .
 bert lock was helping neighbours when barclays door crushed him .
he was knocked over , broke his hand and damaged his walking frame .
highway patrol were provided with live location updates from the tracker .'
hoffa , a former teamsters boss , disappeared in 1975 .
moyes holds meeting with everton chairman bill kenwright in london .
 dassault systemes boss bernard charles critical .
believes hollande 's tax regime is anti-business .
 uk parliament to ratify treaty which would clear the way for deportation .
he was euthanized due to growing health problems .
in total 35 members are expected to arrive to mark the celebrations .
 world no 1 appeared to make the astonishing indictment of the 16-year-old victim in an interview with rolling stone magazine .
russian speaks only in his native tongue before stunts for extra power .'
former assistant alexander bradley claims player shot him in the face .
 expat caught having glass of wine with syrian man .
he says nasa should focus on mars , not bringing asteroid back to orbit .'
attended same school as middletons and was on hockey team with sisters .
 new shirts will help ` distinguish ' bosses from their blue-shirted firefighters .
riga castle is usually the seat of the latvian president .
due to be treated at rehabilitation clinic in arizona , but was too unwell .
 thieves stripped the 2ft statuette from east wemyss , fife .
i guarantee it ' .
 annual jarramplas festival held in piornal , spain , this weekend .
householder was arrested by lancashire police on suspicion of gbh .
incident led to a2 in kent being closed for five hours .'
 linked to powerful and ruthless los zetas drug operation in mexico .
russia warns supplying weapons to rebels could backfire on the west .
 chicago 's trump international hotel and tower is 1,389 feet tall .
the b.a.s.e.
it is claimed he bled to death on the pavement after visiting his girlfriend .
matthew atherton , 23 , and anne turnbull , 30 , refused to call an ambulance .
they were jailed for 24 weeks and 21 weeks respectively for child neglect .'
stabbed czech backpacker 15 times in frenzied attack on idyllic eco-farm .
 court told that 25-yearold mother was high on heroin , valium and alcohol .
 prince friso has been in a coma since he suffered a skiing accident in lech , austria , in march .
the virus could target a protein found in human lungs causing immune system to go into overdrive and attack itself .
equalities .
 plans will see it stopped for families where one parent earns over # 42,375 .
he has been bailed again this evening following questioning by detectives .
 plenty of fish site has 55m members worldwide .
canadian frind wants to encourage more ` meaningful relationships ' .
said designers deplore zara for their ` knock-off ' designs .
 new survey reveals americans are more likely to be ` energetic optimists ' .
give paratroopers right to grab gays on the street , ' said ultra conservative mp alexander mikhailov .
google took action within 12 hours of being notified of the search terms .
 cynthia ambrose was convicted of official oppression after she directed students to hit a classmate who had bullied another boy .
 high-profile society wedding tomorrow at alnwick castle .
 claire duguid uses oil paints to create ultra-realistic portraits .
simonsen was immediately treated by doctors but died of his injuries .
 gerry and kate mccann and sally and bob dowler rejected an invitation to discuss the leveson report with culture secretary maria miller .
he told court it is a term for people in the countryside .'
he took out a weapon and demanded money from the tellers .
 kawaii looks include the ` classic lolita ' and ` sweet lolita ' .
 tickets for the show are like gold dust and sales have broken records .
 john pringle snapped the rodent eating at pizza hut in manchester .
 the ` robo raven ' is a lightweight advanced robot that can fly like a bird .
her parents are suing a new york hospital for being negligent .
aaron hernandez has been questioned by police over death of odin lloyd .
former assistant alexander bradley claims player shot him in the face .
but fianc\xc3\xa9e kate , 30 , miraculously gave birth to martha , now aged nine months .
 the moon appeared 14 per cent larger and 30 per cent brighter .
combs gave alcohol to six other minors , as well .
hundreds of mourners line the streets of cloughoge , newry , northern ireland , in funeral procession .
she called nhs 111 to try and get nurse to visit and administer pain relief .
white 's son was in the car , and survived uninjured .
he is serving 5-and-a-half years for abduction and having sex with a minor .
obama insisted it was important to get more information about allegations .
 jim and julie forrest say their son jeremy is not a paedophile .
neighbours dialed fire brigade when they saw she was being strangled .
 raf sea king flies over site of castle wedding of pilot prince william 's friends in alnwick , northumberland .
 report suggests that private investigators are often paid to hack phones .
it has been splattered with white paint on the bonnet and windows .
witnesses describe horror before plane hit the ground .'
 david amess 's daughter katie is in the movie miserable lesbians .
the girl was found naked except for a bloody yellow sweater in an abandoned apartment building .
 solar farm dwarfs apple 's data centre , which supports services such as icloud .
 mers has had 60 cases and killed 38 people in the last year .
allegedly in the middle is miss sharapova 's boyfriend grigor dimitrov .
will be an alternative to having breasts removed and cut risk by third .
angelina jolie and sharon osbourne both opted for mastectomy .'
 devendra singh beat charlotte smith to death when she asked for divorce .
moscow court today watched video of polonsky claiming he was unhurt .
the group and their guide were gunned down in their hotel at the base of the mountain .'
chris christie : gandolfini ` jersey through and through '
 the kisai intoxicated watch has a built-in breathalyser .
 paper targets were on show at counter terror 2013 exhibition in london .
but judge 's lawyer says police claims are nonsense .
the family live on a farm in east sussex where they raise horses .'
 owners say ` being british definitely works in your favour ' in online ad .
 normally blonde judy , 53 , showed off grey hair at wimbledon today .
cold weather has kept lobster and other crustaceans further out to sea .
police are still trying to identify the stabbing suspect .
manchester united defender rio ferdinand is not under investigation .
she said sports world is tougher than entertainment for gay men .
baby was taken to hospital and is ` alive and recovering well ' .
results in children not wanting to attend school due to emotional distress .
 hernandez charged with one count of murder and five weapons violations .
camilla later talked to children about the importance of reading .'
 the first apple computer is now 37 years old .
in ` more natural ' position it is easier to empty the bowels completely .
 mother-of-four alison batchelor , 62 , is from wadebridge in cornwall .
actor died aged 51 during family holiday in rome last week .
they decided to let customers at their local starbucks chose between jackson or logan .
more than 1,800 and logan is the clear favorite so far .
 jamie and bobby deen talked about their mother 's scandal .
armed policeman 's gun clearly visible as he queued at borough market .
royal mail launches investigation and says it expects ` the highest standards '
he is thought to have fled to spain before sentencing after pleading guilty .
dynamo , 30 , could have been using fake right arm for ` levitating ' trick .
she had a headache and tried to turn the car radio volume down .
original jokers never revealed how the car got on the senate house .
 joseph ley has compiled a book of family photos for his father , chris , 45 .
drivers use a smart phone app to instruct the new car to go and park .
 dr ikram malik , 75 , of nelson , lancashire , was on his way to local mosque .
it was the first timepiece modified by bond stalwart q .'
then three-year-old vanished from algarve during family holiday in 2007 .
 the insurance group - britain 's biggest - has 16 offices around the uk .
` they still .
their attorney claims gym teacher left the boy unattended .'
baby boy ` drank some of the liquid and immediately vomited over himself '
dickens had ten , ' she replied .
one officer was kicked , another elbowed in the head and a third scratched .
 wild cat snatches the animal from the lobby of an apartment in mumbai , india .'
also believed to have killed their daughter sophie , 27 .
he was to be put to death on monday for the murders of one of his victims .
 4.6 m homeowners use tv inspiration to decorate homes .
carrie bradshaw 's apartment voted greatest and most inspirational .
 zoah hedges-stocks , 23 , born into a family of travelling showmen .
she is the first in her community to go to university .
 aaron hernandez was arrested yesterday on suspicion of murdering friend .
his parents were attending a family funeral at the time .
forwarded other email ridiculing obama with psalm .
shain gandee , his 48-year-old uncle and 27-year-old friend died of carbon monoxide poisoning , possibly caused by tailpipe being submerged in mud .
 sex and the city writer had 50 pages of ` killing monica ' novel posted online .
sidney blumenthal was adviser to president clinton in the late 1990s .
shallow angle of sun on rings acting as an ` anti-cloaking device ' .
 diego duran hit by stray bullet outside his florida home .
remains in critical condition but has opened his eyes .'
police reveal cctv footage showing man running from the area .
 structure only seen in test tubes found in human cancer cells .
wife karen , 38 , was the first to recognise the likeness .
 terrance allen was doing the school run when his son found gun in car .
 bobby hughes began suffering epileptic seizures at the age of three .
 parkour expert thomas couetdic rock hopped in the breathtaking landscape of hampi , india .
he spends his days looking after hens , growing vegetables and cleaning .
breivik alludes to two other cells during court appearance in oslo .
son .'
frequently use skype and describe is as their ` best friend ' .
single-mother from birmingham is about to enter the record books .
says he ca n't wait for ` dysfunctional congress ' to act .
 david beckham has made it normal for men to use beauty products .
men use # 234 worth of partner 's beauty products each year .
davis filibustered a bill that would limit abortions and number of clinics .
 harry met up with girlfriend cressida and partied with friends until 4am .
i was just doing my job ' campbell said .
 angela owen , 47 , gave birth to the baby boy prematurely in 2001 .
 blackadder star said bbc should have been allowed to axe countryfile presenter miriam o'reilly .
 fiona anderson , who is believed to have killed her three children , wants to be buried with them .
died after falling to her death from multi-storey car park in suffolk .
 romany blythe , of worthing , created webpage called : ` the witch is dead ' .
 owner melanie brookes , 50 , has launched a campaign to bring agatha home .'
 marie-charline pacquot gave interview to le pays newspaper .
 james curtis , three , of merseyside , was taken to hospital but later died .
walburga bore rommel illegitimate child , gertrud , his ` little mouse '
ogilvie had bragged about the attack to a group of girls nearby .'
her children , aged 4 and 18 months , were screaming as he beat her .'
 amanda .
couple were staying in a curved wooden pod .
friends said she is now recuperating from the heart attack at home .
 petty officer edward devenney , 29 , ` passed on data ' to an unnamed individual .
 anthony ` hopes to move this summer when year of probation is complete ' .
 four afghan police among the dead ; 53 injured including two nato troops .
 open auditions were held for the 2013 radio city christmas show .
 advertising standards authority investigated ad after receiving just one complaint .
 in 2000 , 300 women in the u.s. had surgery to reshape their upper arms .
playground in west london directly under flight path .'
phone one of several distractions , say investigators .'
she was found by a flatmate and fellow medic the following evening .'
posed in wig and glasses with his finger pressed to his lips .
more than 2,000 activists march claiming he was wrongly convicted .
 celebrities ' barrister and a member of the leveson team had an affair .
` this year has been an emotional rollercoaster ' , say parents .
 satellites weighing only 6lbs are attached to the ` cubesail ' .
minister refused to answer questions after ignoring opposition .
 robert thomas , 59 , played the world service at deafening volume .
 nazir afzal , head of cps in north west , says ` there will be more cases ' .  '
among flotsam and jetsam are buoys , beer crates and styrofoam items .
edinburgh university researchers found exposure can cut blood pressure .
 part of tokidoki x karl lagerfeld range on net-a-porter .
 local authorities have been urged to sell costly homes when tenants move out .
no-one injured in collision at newark liberty international airport .'
they show alexander called arias a ` skank ' and ` enjoyed collecting women ' .
when the male fetus would n't flush down the toilet , she dumped it in a trash can .
 partially sighted andrew pishides claimed # 180-a-day for bogus taxis to work .
 sandra clinch , 49 , admitted throwing scissors at alan clinch during a row .
 paul frampton , 68 , was caught with 4.4 lbs of cocaine in buenos aires .
 welshman stephen jones , 52 , and kiwi tanya davies , 43 rescued on friday morning .
 brandy hamilton , 26 , and alexandria randle , 24 , spoke out about their ordeal today .
 british man , 32 , arrested over murder of jogger in rural area in france .
the pair , from philadelphia , have photographed hundreds of babies .
 smith was the great-great-great nephew of church founder joseph smith jr .
at 106 years old , he was also utah 's oldest resident .
 nancy ruiz fell to the ground and yelled ` matalo ! '
- which means ` kill him ' in spanish .
 is thought to be hiding in the novotel moscow sheremetyevo .
 micheal fearon , 57 , dressed as ghost and hid in vincent kershaw 's home .
she dressed in green leaf print mini dress .
the equestrian said that her father 's ` government does n't care about animals ' and called for a ban on horse-drawn carriages in central park .
 danielle davies , 27 , from rotherham was 14 stone due to love of takeaways .
diver , 50 , died at the 300ft deep dorothea quarry in nantlle valley , wales .
comes after top police officer said force morale affected by bad publicity .
rival wag marta domachowska donned same shade .
` the lone ranger ' took in only $ 29.4 million - but it had a $ 225 million budget .
sarah is recovering slowly and still in pain from surgery .'
under reforms .
michele polidano , 53 , had to be helped by other customers after collapsing .
 simon hennessey , then 14 , jailed for life in 1978 for murdering his aunt .
 bodybuilder gareth davies picked girlfriend up by hair and hit her repeatedly .
forced his girlfriend , 22 , to mop up blood splattered around their flat .
charged with the murder of his daughter , rebecca , at their home .
 the team announced the free exchange after the star player was charged with murdering odin lloyd .
denied it is strange he dated the same journalist as his labour colleague .
 kinvara hubbard and mimi williams stripped to encourage people to cook .
created # 20 wigs for bald baby girls .
charges relate to while she was working at hmp chelmsford .
 david best was chairman and md of medical marketing international .
 heart-warming rescue leads to donation of pet oxygen masks .
 the man , whose identity is not known , survived the death-defying accident .
 newspaper hailed murray 's wimbledon victory by writing ` england rule ' .
 ukrainians gathered in fields for ivan kupala day which has pagan origins .
his wife 's .
cara just been unveiled as face of fendi 's a/w13 campaign .
his school sent out an email to parents with the sad news .
they say action is needed on aggressive urban foxes in the capital .
 former tory minister insists rudeness is part of life in parliament .
daisha is the mother of georgia and walker inman , both 15 , who are due $ 60million when they turn 21 .
by benjamin levy of the aftermath of saturday 's boeing 777 crash have been released by .
 doreen lawrence says police officers should not ` investigate each other ' .
comes as more wildfires have been reported near reno and in kearn .
dawson given six-month community payback order .
 pupils at wadham school in somerset arrived at their prom in luxury cars , an ice cream van and even a speedboat .
passenger ben henshaw drowned in the accident on august 6 last year .
 janet mee , 49 , knocked down as she collected her children from nursery .
he filed for adoption on monday after she 's been living with him since 2011 .
brother azad , 22 , also suffers from same condition and is even smaller .
 laura elizabeth whitehurst arrested last and released on $ 25,000 bail .
 students reportedly from mill hill school paid # 750 to rent out the property .
auctioneer says it will appeal to entrepreneurs who can see its potential .'
they have lost their appeal against eviction from the area despite support .
 republican jaxine bubis is under fire from constituents after being revealed as the author of steamy novel beantown heat .
 aaron rowe , 23 , charged with murder in the november 2012 slaying of his 6-week-old daughter , peyton .
residents were frightened that a sex predator was on the loose in the area .
 spacecraft ` stole keith robins ' datsun cherry on a camping trip ' .
imran hussain attacked him ` without warning ' in manchester .
 exports have fallen by 3.1 percent and imports contracted by 0.7 percent .
 ashton agar , 19 , was an unknown when was picked for this week 's test .
ministers have asked fraud investigators to look into g4s .
23-year-old jordan begley is thought to have had a heart attack .
 league table reveals people in the uk get less satisfaction from socialising .
 dexter anderson wrote the letter after visiting the kennedy space center .
some clips show students being hauled out of mcdonald 's outlets by staff .
 germany supplied maps for fight against gaddafi .
hadden , 33 , claims she and ava have been trapped in brazil since may 21 .
 nathan lamb and girlfriend elizabeth kay to be charged with felony murder .
ee 's plans will make the uk one of the fastest networks in the world .
 clarkson and his co-hosts filmed a new episode of top gear on the mall .
 six women arrested for aggravated trespass released on police bail .
 plateau united feeders beat akurba fc 79-0 , scoring 72 goals in second half .
despite her wounds , she says the incident has not put her off barbecuing .'
cavanagh , 26 , photographed himself brandishing cash on train after deal .
adegoke , 21 , jailed for five years for conspiracy to supply heroin and cocaine .'
mr asbo was moved after three years of attacking rowers and chasing boats .
buckingham palace said it understands the duke is ` feeling well '
 a shocking video was filmed by horrified bystanders in estonia .
 the primate was discovered in phetchaburi , central thailand .
the macaque had been tethered to the tree using a mental chain .'
boy is now in critical condition in hospital in chicago .
 andrew pride whipped child causing it to bleed .
pride , of austell , georgia , was potty training him .
 jeanne socrates , from ealing , west london , succeeded on her third attempt .
 smoke came from the aircraft 's main body after crews used a sling to lift the fuselage .
witnesses saw a woman come up to suv and carry toddler away .
 chase cristia , 16 , was the victim of an unprovoked attack in february .
 no 10 denies david cameron wants to oust sir robert kerslake .
 a woman let off 24 bug bombs at once in a manhattan building .
 dominique ansel bakery will only make 50 each day .
 daniel barrera has been major drug trafficker for over 20 years .
 legislative procedures to be suspended in parliament for a day after berlusconi 's party protested against a court ruling to ban him from office .
 comedian , 40 , said to be releasing fitness dvd in time for christmas .
 10-year-old was picked by christopher bailey to star in campaign .
twelve years after launching the bottle , it was found on a long island beach .
cites britney spears ' shaved head as classic example .
 nottingham police investigating 50 allegations at beechwood home .
police have arrested a 26-year-old man following an appeal for information .
a 28-year-old woman arrested later in connection with the collision .'
 spectacular cloud formation appeared over brockwell park in london .
she was amazed to find pictures of his second wedding in 2009 .
 # 59.99 lift away the years device launches at selfridges today .
 patrick eccles , 20 , was gored in the stomach and had his spleen removed .
 the new baby is zac 's fourth child but is the first baby for alice , 27 .
group tried to book ` birthday package ' where staff sing along and present the cake it was n't available .
 jeannine seoane admitted to prohibited sexual contact with a 17-year-old student .
macdonald pleaded guilty and accepted his actions were reckless .'
 veolia believes it could find # 1million of valuable metals on streets every year .
princess anne was just six weeks from her due date when she gave up .
he is also accused of stabbing to death the 11-year-old son and family housekeeper of creighton professor william hunter in 2008 .
captain scarlett was awarded the military cross for gallantry .
he has so many balls he 's had to store them in custom-made furniture .
michael made 500 transfers from his mother 's account to his own .
 scores trampled in stampede at overcrowded stadium in nabire .
 mark donnison , 43 , vanished from hollesley bay open prison in suffolk .
 mohamed mohamed , of nw london , was about to go to park with father .
 nbc edited call ` to make it look as if zimmerman was racial profiling '
lion wrestles his brother to the ground as he shows off for photographers .'
her grandmother , 51-year-old helen ford , was her primary caregiver .
other names in the gang include sophia hesketh and lady mary furze .
 junior bayode part of pack that hunted down victim sofyen belamouadden .
 a woman was shot while sitting on her bed in pennsylvania hospital .
her body was found with multiple stab-wounds on tuesday morning .
his execution is 19th in the u.s. and ninth in texas this year .
 michelle giddins and gemma lloyd claim they were discriminated against .
tributes have been left outside their home , which has a police guard .
and in 2011 he stole designer coats worth # 6,000 from bicester village .
photographs feature in natural history museum book called the masters of nature photography .
police question 22-year-old driver who smashed into family .'
new immigration boss dave wood defends figures saying allegations often do not provide enough intelligence .'
but mr buck heard cries for help and was allegedly stabbed by mcloughlin .
 hamayan parwani , 37 , sold intoxicating substance from his stall in leeds .
the couple , from grimsby , were joined by friends and family .
 glee star cory monteith - who completed a rehab stint for substance addiction in april - died at the fairmont pacific rim hotel in vancouver .
findings could lead to development of new treatments .
 number of abortions performed on cohabitees has trebled in a decade .
not the first time a person has used their lips but cases are very rare .
 ken will , 79 , and maureen benham , 69 , have been given assistance dogs .
 janine blackhurst , 39 , has had meningitis three times since the age of five .
gladys said she is praying for trayvon and his parents over the ` tragedy ' .
started curve-friendly event for plus-size women and their admirers .
 trial determined schaffhausen , 35 , killed his three daughters - 11-year-old amara , 8-year-old .
 patrick eccles , 20 , was gored in the stomach and had his spleen removed .
the malicious meatballs were discovered in the .
said the ` jury had spoken ' on george zimmerman 's charges .
 survey found most thought they knew where common foods first originated .
 the plane sits in the unrelenting sun in a dusty field on marana regional airport in southern arizona .
he says he was only given stock and now he is suing the network .'
 bottle o'butter is taking the beauty industry by storm .
cheshire describes clothes as ` perfect ' and ` massively on trend '
girl 's mother tracked car with gps and picked her up after calling police .
lord brennan qc said redefinition of marriage could have ` orwellian ' consequences .
comments come as supermarkets ration sales of formula .
 anna smith , 33 , from hull had baby shower and gave birth two weeks early .
a squirrel they 've nicknamed munchy was was the real culprit .
 michael waterson , 65 , was driving van in harrogate , north yorkshire .
discovered paul ferris , 62 , was a lollipop man in staffordshire too .
stunned to find father and son had both applied for the same position .
sgt thursby 's stepfather : ` ridiculous that our troops are still .
nick clegg slams ` inexplicable ' and ` anachronistic ' ruling .
culture secretary maria miller steps up pressure on sexism in sport .
 former minister 's partner carina trimingham has quit her party membership .
 stevie mcmullen , 31 , and ryan mcdonald , 20 , escaped on tuesday .
 clockwise m25 closed between junctions 25 and 27 from 5am today .
 triplets from around the world attended event in baltimore , maryland .
more than 33 family and close to 40 sets of triplets stayed in the same hotel .'
 david patterson earned just # 80 for 18 arduous hours of filming .
 teresa mayhew , 25 , from south wales , was size 26 and is now 12/14 .
went on first holiday in eight years to mexico to swim with dolphins .'
` horrified ' home secretary orders urgent inquiry .
 mcilroy claims to be ` braindead ' and ` unconscious ' during opening round .
 a papuan taipan , one of the world 's deadliest snakes , bit sim pala , 15 .
 new scientist reports on new freeze-dry method .
powder would be kept at room temperature in sachets .
they were born in april and are now on display at the tierpark zoo in berlin .'
 laura bowery-falco , 44 , is an equestrian trainer , from long island .
allegedly .
 some neighbourhood teams entirely staffed by pcsos , hmic finds .
she put the bomb in her handbag in shed and stood guard for four hours .
 brion adam kriss was chased by police from three forces across two states .
snowden says he will only stay in russia until he can leave for latin america .'
two men attacked as they tried to fight off dog .
due to be treated at rehabilitation clinic in arizona , but was too unwell .
the case is one of the biggest insider trading fraud cases in history .'
six colombian men charged with murder and kidnap over watson 's death .
of t-shirts .
poll found that support for the monarchy is almost at jubilee levels .
the prognosis for babies born with anencephaly is death .
 ` nothing left ' of rhoda youson 's face after horror attack , trial hears .
 tracey hayes was spotted grooming her pets by havering council wardens .
for breakfast has 12 weetabix , four bowls of porridge , and ten litres of milk .
met office issues ` level three ' heatwave warning for london , south east , south .
but two donations of # 150,000 have turned out to be a hoax .
 phil dawn ` did not flinch ' when the train 's horn sounded twice .
deadspin has reported that ` sarah phillips ' may be an alias .
 victoria berekmeri 's image covered up after complaints it was ` confronting ' .
her neighbour was bitten by a cat which she no longer consider hers .
celia zarebska , 52 , siphoned # 315,000 over seven years .
also said mini cooper refused culpability .
 antonio morrison claimed the dog barked at him first .
petey will undergo rehabilitation before looking for a new home .
lipsticks # 19 for set of three .
 evelyn clarke , 28 , is believed to have fallen from the block after a night out .
it 's so terrifying designer and owner steve beckley has only tried it once .
seconds later she was shot dead on the doorstep of her home .
father-of-five claims police were only interested in evidence linking barry george to the murder in fulham , west london , in 1999 .
he is defying a high court order to send his children back to london .
comments '
they have now all been pardoned and are back home in the uk .
 stacey pulsifer estimates having driven 22 hours before discovering the kitten trapped outside the back of her car .
 designer sassi holford 's daughter suffers from bronchiectasis .
car accident on trip with five passengers from pau to bordeaux in 1968 .
 single-engine plane came down 15 miles off dungeness in kent .'
star 's husband reacts angrily by emailing 50 of their neighbours .
and officials claim that adebolajo had refused to see any doctors .
this used fm radio signals but production of it ceased four years later .
children found cell phone four miles from heichel 's home .
 crew has been charged with trafficking undeclared arms by panama .
his wife is believed to have remained at the site during police investigation .'
` he is a coward .
 speech containing jfk 's scribbles was written before he became president .
 gavin freeguard worked for hugh grant 's hacked off campaign and media standards trust founded by sir david bell - assessor assisting leveson .
 independent journalist johann hari received the orwell prize for his writing .
 earthquake measured up to magnitude 6.6 and was believed to be shallow .
 former olympic swimmer watched diamond league athletics in monaco .
 award-winning photographer james friedman dissected his collection .
more than 30 foreign athletes are still fighting to remain in britain .
 spanish holiday island wants well-heeled tourists from china and dubai .
but thomas went to his home and threatened to kill him just 2 months later .
she was shocked when footage revealed it was her cousin , amanda lester .
 dante berry disappeared from his mother 's front garden with dasher the german shepherd on tuesday evening .
 award-winning photographer james friedman dissected his collection .
some copies , signed by rowling 's pseudonym , re-sold for over # 1,750 .
lurene joseph spent money on five-star-hotel and flights to boston .
ms joseph 's company is meant to bring investments to leeds .
four people have been arrested and released on police bail .
but now , against the odds , she has celebrated her first birthday .'
 asma al-assad , 37 , reported to be pregnant by beirut-based newspaper .
 duchess of cambridge to spend at least first six weeks with her parents .
hospital says all films are vetted before they can be watched .
various women seduce him with their sexy shoes .
 jayden morales villegas was found unresponsive day after attack .
 connor shields died following collision on a975 in aberdeenshire .
 facebook page shames dreadful parking in doncaster .
the prize pot will fall by almost 14 per cent next month to # 49.3 million .
ross lawson was jailed for two years for prostitution and money laundering .
the college rated ` outstanding ' by ofsted for 20 consecutive years .
twentieth century fox has denied any infringement of trademark .'
 nbc chicago reporter mary ann ahern looks on as the girl makes a news segment all about her .'
poses in revealing shots .
 new jersey girl torri albrecht ` received death threats ' .
 unemployed lee ellis climbed on to roof at ex 's home in middle of the night .
bullet hit the ground in front of the car in hackney , east london .
decision follows outcry over no note featuring a woman .
mother tanya james is now suing the nursery after it admitted liability .
 business secretary warns bank restrictions are holding back the recovery .
 stefanie janikiewicz was stopped as she drove the wrong way up the m55 .
says she wo n't use the products herself because she is too young .
he thought he was meeting russian spies but it was really mi5 .
orange ruffled tops are from jaeger and dorothy perkins .
the taste chanel exhibition includes images of the fashion brand featured on fast food and ice cream .
 the unidentified man is lucky to be alive after getting caught up in dangerous floodwaters on sunday .
suitable for dogs , cats and rabbits , and come in blue , green and red .
it is also rumoured to be adding a rear-facing 5mp camera for the first time .
price details suggest the tablet will sell for # 150 .'
the new channels will add around 250 hours of hd shows a week .'
former new york state governor forced to resign in 2008 after admitting to using prostitutes .
 theory that sunday night 's bright , full moon kick-started duchess of cambridge 's labour .
before and after photos show her revival .
 rylo the pug was crowned the most camera-friendly animal in the nation .
 former cop justin hanners has accused auburn police department of enforcing excessive ticket quotas .
he claims officers had to make 100 contacts a month , equating to 72,000 contacts a year in a 50,000 person town .
now owner is selling car at auction where it is expected to fetch $ 1million .
the latest incident saw bricklayer hoisted in air by digger .
he died in hospital 10 days later after suffering swelling to his brain .
 the u.s. whistleblower lacked necessary document he needed to cross into russia .
people who smoke or who use nicotine patches are also at lower risk .
from sketch to store concept was unveiled at celebrity party on wednesday .
made traditional visit solo as keen cricket fan prince philip is convalescing .
 shares in facebook soared 30 percent after better than expected financial results on wednesday .
yesterday , the tide rose to swallow causeway that leads to mainland .
 dr judith ames and robert owens started relationship after his wife died .
an op to repair the damage left her with a scarred and deflated chest .
police questioned 14 other british tourists who appeared in court .
 barbara clough has died after a short illness at 75 .
 justin welby to review church of england 's investment strategy .
but she became too ill and her daughter cancelled the five-night stay .
despite ongoing extensive searches , kieran still has n't been found .
man fled with petty cash box and ms richardson was treated for shock .
among those on board train is russian president vladimir putin .
police questioned 14 other british tourists who appear in court there today .
her next goal is to have flagship store on oxford street .
he spoke at public memorial to 12 fallen first responders .
of cool.q.zero fabric that has built-in sweat-activated cooling agent .
on friday sigg was additionally charged with sexual assault and .
 jenna van delden is not eligible for parole .
named thatcher bray brunt , the baby boy was born tuesday .'
according to residents , he could have been in the car for up to six hours .
 julie miller tried to rectify the errors eight times over a two year period .
 the victims , juan alberdi and delilah lovett , were from two charlotte-area families .
 d. baraka kanaan was paralysed in a car accident in 2000 .
 four british designers have a created a website intended to encourage you to spend quality time with your parents , before it is too late .
dr molly crockett who was involved in study resists temptation by .
while working .'
 nile ranger , 22 , has had his own surname tattooed onto his head .
separate search in kilbirnie following sighting of girl , 10 , in swollen burn .'
passers-by were mystified how he managed to park , and get out of the car .
they have been named locally as robert jackson and daughter ayeshea .
the 44-year-old is serving life for stabbing his former partner .
she was knocked off balance and fell over , hitting her head .
detective .
they both took impressions of keys and applied for a fake passport .
ronald douglas , 77 , was jailed for four years for helping hide the body .
mrs mullins 's barrister said his client faced losing her docklands home .
` we love each other ' : costa refused to testify against barnave .
nelson would stay overnight in his uncle 's attic while making the journey .
u.s and european officials will be invited to the ` big event ' .
army warns of ` grievous consequences ' after pakistan government fires defence secretary .
we stick to lighter topics of discussion rather than world news and politics .
 danielle luquet de st germain began modelling for ysl in 1960s aged 19 .
 mrs pepper , 45 , is now a liberal democrat councillor .
she had tried to block a lorry as equipment deliveries were made to oil drilling site .
 delta-mouse has pituitary dwarfism which vet had only seen before in dogs .
 designer predicts image of son by mixing pictures of duke and duchess .
fears for a third man who lived in the house who remains unaccounted for .
 wikileaks political party was officially registered in australia this month .
scott mills covered nick 's breakfast show on tuesday morning .
roughly one-in-six soldiers in the u.s. army is female .'
prime minister is in portugal with wife samantha and 3 children .'
navas earns an estimated # 80,000-a-week at manchester city .'
prosecutors claim was involved in crimes at auschwitz between 1941-1945 .
after two nights in freezing conditions the teen managed to stumble to safety .
seminal 1931 film adaptation starred boris karloff as the monster .'
 kate follows justin gelband 's modelfit programme .
he does n't ban carbs but does ban salt and sugar .
the 7 ' 2 '' cook claimed that ` asshole ' gordon ramsay has possessed him and turned him into god .
 main water pipe exploded in rio de janeiro 's western campo grande district .
 called ` the eye of time ' , it was designed by salvador dali .
 reports claim the iphone 5 could soon be discontinued .
 pm signals britain could veto extension of arms embargo in may .
measures expected to come in addition to ban of assault weapons .
the debt-ridden hospital is axing 750 jobs in an attempt to cut costs .
 abedin plans to spend august to ` support her family ' during weiner 's campaign .
a third man had already admitted the charge .'
portico at lowther hotel , in goole , was shunted out of position by sweeper .
detectives checked usher 's phone and found image of him in balaclava .
months .
mother-of-three ` left her children with no food and water in locked room ' .
judge rules she is not ` direct threat ' and can not be deported under eu rules .
ms baldwin has deleted the facebook posts but they have sparked fury .
single mother , who is on benefits , is fined a total of # 1,300 .
corporal russell aston was cornered and killed by iraqi mob .
entered bikini contest and awarded prize in yummy mummy category .'
in his advancing years he suffered dementia and his family put him in an assisted-living facility .
the guidance follows a number of alleged electrocutions from iphones .'
sellers in south east focus on schools more than those in north east .'
 google 's play store now offers microsoft office for android phones .
she also expressed her resilience and determination to overcome the harrowing experience .
alleged kidnapper ariel castro will be sentenced on thursday .
 student sydney leathers revealed online exchanges with anthony weiner .
used to struggle to walk but can now even run without becoming breathless .'
the cottage in kilmersdon , somerset , was rented by mike gorham , 55 .
its unrestored condition after decades in a warehouse only added to value .
the kitten has now been named chester following its rescue .
the couple were at another party in hastings - 70 miles from their home .
police traced nelson after parent found messages on their child 's account .
moorer did not use his police weapon for the killings , selma police confirm .
` he absolutely loves me and we are best friends ' said teenager .
 negligent train drivers exposed after being filmed while at work .
 dr barend delport admitted taking intimate pictures and sexual assault .
 russell brand , 38 , left obscene messages on andrew sachs ' machine .
teen , from kingstanding , birmingham , has been selected for world dwarf games in america , competing in football and basketball .
lewis has also worked with the body shop on a cruelty free make-up range .'
she claims 70-year-old sexually harassed her multiple times .'
former towie star models new range .'
challenge to see who can raise most money for respective charities .
shoppers fled and shops closed their shutters as steel chairs were thrown .
36 % of men have no cooking skills , and 35 % think they are no good at diy .
i confided in her but regret it as i now feel emotionally blackmailed .
 data-visualisation designer ruslan enikeev created the internet map .
 daniel bartelt , 19 , has been charged with strangling ex-girlfriend jessie blodgett to death .
they prevent itchiness and even infection , including of the hiv virus .
 bic 's # 2.49 stylus can work at any angle on any touchscreen .
he was joined by wife princess charlene , 35 , and sister princess caroline of hanover , 56 , who both wore blue gowns .
 fraudsters pretended to be working for visa card services .
 logan stevenson died from leukemia on monday night .
she even started spinning the drum stick to whoops from her audience .
 tiger woods won the wgc-bridgestone in ohio by seven shots .
charlie celebrated with his father by giving him a giant hug .
and with more precision .'
 bling bodice created by british duo , fyodor golan .
other odd looks included a spiderman style jumpsuit .
the friends have all been reunited on a new estate around two miles away .'
cowboy builder targeted elderly over a 15 year period .
mr taktouk learned it was multi-millionaire fabregas who had made an offer .
 donovan was surrounded by family when he died at a baltimore hospice .
 farida , 11 , lost her eye in afghanistan to a taliban-planted bomb .
all proceeds from the auction to go to the jimmy v foundation for cancer .'
 brian manning do n't believe his son could have leaked all the information he has admitted too .
morales was said to have been angry and violent at the relationship 's end .
mrs silverman rose to fame after becoming pregnant by simon cowell .
told flight would take off on saturday - but then it was delayed again .
prime minister is one week in to the election campaign .
 lesley , 56 , and andrew reeve , 55 , ` took advantage of her dementia ' .
 amazon hosts ask.fm , which has been implicated in a string of suicides .
banning make-up for girls below year 10 and prohibits short skirts .
liverpool and everton football steward claimed he could barely walk .
every mep will be able to take 10 young people days before elections .
 bernie mulligan lost use of her legs after spending months in hospital .
 tim clarke has a clean driving licence and certificate of professional competence as well as thousands of hours of driving experience .
the father-of-two was thrown from the car and left for dead on the roadside .
he records number plates and uses contacts at dvla to find out names .
 jomo kenyatta international airport has been closed until further notice .
 tatum dunn is battling desmoplastic infantile ganglioglioma .
was married to his wife gertrude for 46 years before filing for divorce in september 2012 .
 john xypolitos , 57 , accused of murdering stepson gary adams , 17 , in 2003 .
vasile bogdan , 35 , followed in by gang of sledgehammer-wielding thugs .
six in ten universities now charge maximum fees for some courses .
rushdi and hamza 's mother have known each other for three weeks .
kate and william were sent an identical doll - one of only three made .
but he was framed for the gruesome murder of a gay man on a florida beach .
 ena bernard worked for the bobby and ethel kennedy family for 44 years , raising their 11 children .
bernard passed away july 23 at age 105 .
placed water droplets on the seeds of flowers and shot the reflections .
police thought maynard 's mercedes was a stolen car .
paramedics arrived just after caitlin was born and took them to hospital .
new york institutions set to gain $ 100million .
date from the .
clinicians believe the huge decline is a result of an increase in bikini waxing .
 derek medina , 31 , turned himself in to police after confessing to murder on facebook and to his father .
 ariel castro , 53 , is charged with 977 counts of kidnapping and repeated rape .
accepted plea deal to avoid death penalty .
 kate and william asked for donations to charity instead of presents .
four-bedroom chilmark house has tennis and basketball courts .
two young boys were playing in parked car listening to music .
the light aircraft is believed to be worth around # 500,000 .
he has been arrested on suspicion of child abduction and is ` helping officers with their enquiries ' to find the missing teenager .
miss haw 's boyfriend alan hutchinson took his own life after her funeral .
critics have accused it of flaunting an ` openly socialist political agenda ' .
but local government association warned it would cause ` real damage ' .
 molly young , 21 , was discovered dead in her ex-boyfriend 's apartment on march 24 , 2012 .
 judge dismissed tameka foster raymond 's bid for custody of sons .
hacked his father to death before dismembering his mother 's body .
confidence is at its highest level since financial crisis in 2008 - strong growth in car sales , manufacturing and house price .
but lancashire model shop owner only got # 998 after six-year battle .
 victim from sandy , bedfordshire , was treated at hospital in cambridge .
 horrific video shows mass brawls in the early hours of the morning .
police say crime has spiked since pubs allowed to serve into early hours .
he was murdered in the shed and his body dumped in milking parlour .
 duvets can be used to leave love notes - or chores - for your partner .
simon was a tutor and study hall supervisor at two catholic school in grand rapids , michigan .
retailers then charge them by tapping on an image of the customer 's face .
on thursday , husband christian casadei buried his young wife in her hometown of bologna , italy .
 shaaliver douse , 14 , was chasing down man and shooting at him when he was encountered by nypd officers , police say .
dutch royal was buried in an avalanche in a skiing accident .
he was airlifted to southampton general hospital for three-hour operation .
staff gave mitchell , who had a heart condition , cpr but he died in hospital .
 virginia .
` we 're the millers ' came in second with $ 26.6 million .
contractors were targeted by al-shabaab , somali cell of al qaeda .
she shielded william and harry from the screaming rows of their parents .
he gave out the woman 's home address to men who answered the ad .
pair were caught after exchanging information on social networking sites .
but was then told due to an ` nhs shake-up ' his surgery had been cancelled .
the whereabouts of the snake has sparked a police hunt in portsmouth .
 derek medina , 31 , turned himself in to police after confessing to murder on facebook and to his father .
these coordinates are mapped to show users where they 've been .
david sproul says government is sending ` mixed messages ' to business .
ortega had stabbed herself in the throat .
but supreme court ruled that he ignored evidence and ordered a fresh trial .
 lesley , 56 , and andrew reeve , 55 , ` took advantage of her dementia ' .
 gemma trotter broke 50 bones and lost leg in car accident age 14 .
 gabriela andrews , 48 , was left with a few jagged bones for teeth after bungled dental implant operation .
 instructor shot dead in front of eight people at gym in winter garden , florida .
bass .
 apprentice star , 25 , had # 670 fat freezing treatment .
 robert mugabe , 89 , won 61 per cent of the vote in july to outgoing president tsvangirai 's 34 per cent .
when he died .
 23-year-old kirstie tancock had her first transplant in 2011 .
 new generation iphone 5s believed to be weeks away .
apple event , said to be next month , may also see launch of ` low-cost ' iphone .
outbid by kelly clarkson who bought it for five times the estimated price .
 kidnapper james dimaggio shot dead as officers tried to arrest him .
 writer mark forsyth was barred from accessing an online version of the play .
 jerry patrick from newnan , georgia has built a fleet of cars from the movies .
the number killed in action in afghanistan in the same period was 40 .
 michael bloomberg 's new copper bath hand built by craftsmen in france .
 bruce .
 newlywed couple amy matz and drew minx had no idea there were alligators in the coastal town of jacksonville , north carolina .
 in an email to staff aol ceo tim armstrong said his outburst was an 'em otional response ' .
 chanel director karl lagerfeld has criticised the german chancellor .
described angela merkel as having ` special proportions ' .
the girls could face up to a year awaiting trial in santa monica prison known to some of south america 's most dangerous female criminals .
 total sales in july up 3 % on the same time last year , ons reveals .
the report says manhattan doubles its population every .
a total of 47 patients have been infected with his strain of hepatitis c .
mr hallam 's neighbours alan and carol smith filmed the incident on cctv .
 melissa nelson was fired in 2010 after working for dentist for 10 years .
assistant said she was happily married and only wore scrubs .
sudden fluctuations in blood pressure have been linked to heart attacks .
a drop in air temperature was understood to be most damaging to humans .'
it is thought to have been part of a large apollo asteroid called 2011 eo40 .'
 elisabeth jane modlesky , 17 , was killed in a late-night car crash on july 14 when her suv ran off the road .
 freya barton was born two weeks early on friday , weighing just 4lb 11oz .
they got caught up in heavy traffic caused by a car crash .
 graham winston-peters and ivy pink featured on scores of reality shows .
an ambulance crew found patient b on his back with a broken leg .
 robert lewis bridges iii tried to grab the .40 - caliber gun from officer 's belt .
awarded the couple , matt and melanie capobianco , custody on july 31 .
nbc will show 380 .
 israel hernandez-llach died after he was tased by police who caught him spraying graffiti on an abandoned building last week .
world that systematically takes organs extracted from executed .
 sub-lieutenant reginald warneford , from exmouth , was born in india .
 alice miller , 23 , is in a relationship with para-cyclist tom staniford , 24 .
discovered her talent by chance while struggling with lots of homework .'
 the samsung galaxy s4 active has been designed with parents in mind .
 call of duty ghosts is latest in series which launched in 2003 .
 max cisotti lives in sussex with his wife claire and their two children .
those aged 16 to 24 spent # 154 , 15 % more than women that age .'
investigators say their being caught is unlikely to change their behaviour .
has one child with kings of leon frontman caleb followill .
 melissa rodriguez found six blocks from her home in omaha , nebraska .
and ... 62 per cent of people gain a stone when in happy relationship .'
several of the pupils remained in a critical condition on sunday .
mariam aziz claims her bodyguard stole the diamonds from her in 2009 .
 former footballer paul gascoigne was held after incident in hertfordshire .
 europe 's tallest skyscraper struggling to attract businesses .
work began on the st. petersburg site in 1988 , but the project was mothballed in 1995 .
king said the police investigation was ` puzzling ' and that the cause of death should be changed to ` undetermined '
 bob lambert had a five-year covert career using the alias bob robinson .
told edinburgh international book festival how typing is impossible .
greg taylor , who was jailed for 17 years , was freed in 2010 .
 wiay , off the coast of south uist , has been put up for sale for # 500,000 .
uninhabited for over .
britain set to opt out of european arrest warrant and eu 's dna database .
he is also worried about spiralling cost of the # 42.6 billion project .'
communities minister eric pickles is introducing the scheme .
owner arshad ali had to jump on her back to coax her back to shore .'
 frank wrathall denies causing the death of father-of-one paul fingleton .
the driver , 26 , was talking on his phone while driving his van , it was heard .
mr fingleton died from injuries to his head and spine .'
 a shuttle service will take students from the water park to campus each day .
eyewitness heard her screams and called emergency services .
the parody video is a shot-for-shot remake of the original .
 wimbledon high school pupils taught to ` blow their own trumpet ' .
women reluctant to promote themselves in work because they fear backlash .
he urged david cameron to take action in the lead up to the winter olympics .
as a child she helped look after her grandmother , teresa edwards .
ms edwards died at just 59 , when ms omran was 11 .
researchers call for return to outdoor activities to help tackle problem .
test for condition is to have children bend over and touch their toes , making an 'n' shape - those with curvature of the spine wo n't be able to .
she now spends evenings reporting names and shaming those responsible .
it is now being used to help reintroduce the endangered british black bee .'
 royal bournemouth hospital patients later were diagnosed with disease .
j.m.
barrie lived there for 15 years after he had written peter pan .
the tv screen .
 nico jackson , 35 , spotted with pippa in london 's chelsea on friday night .
 police say girl was taken at gunpoint by five people on thursday while she was walking in compton , california .
she was told she would be forced into prostitution , she told police .
teenager escaped friday afternoon and called the police .
account now has 40,000 followers and she 's often recognised when out .
the meet attracts 60,000 gastronomes each year , and world 's top chefs .
the tourist 's friends had been ringing the bronze bell furiously .
firefighters worked for two hours to free the man in shandong province .
 sandra roskilly , 47 , was shot dead last friday , allegedly by her nextdoor neighbor daniel abeyta .
total death toll from the h7n9 virus has now reached 31 .'
 ty ` reke evans died of blunt force trauma in december 2011 .
isla weighed 5lb 6oz and has not been harmed by her mother 's anorexia .
ms griffiths has been battling the eating disorder since she was eight .
he had imprisoned them in ingolstadt city hall since 9am .
incident comes just hours before angela merkel is due to give a speech there .'
shows boys submerged in murky water for several seconds .
 attack bears similar hallmarks to horse mutilation in cornwall days later .'
black teens saw a larger improvement , but their rate was still more than twice the white rate , at 47 per 1,000 .
after it attacked her twice she played dead and the bear away .
the accident was the worst oil spill in american history .
driver of the toyota prius gagandeep kakkad , 28 , was banned from .
 star seen masked in youtube videos rapping about rape and violence .
munchies takeaway was infested and filthy when it was inspected .
contrasts with 2012 when there were double the number of republican jokes .'
owners sam and emily lewis did not hear the crash in a shropshire lane .  '
this makes extracting dinosaur dna from the insect impossible .
nbc has led the ratings almost non-stop since the late 1990s .'
 nemah shehadeh , 58 , was jailed after using fake passport to leave uk .
 the est\xc3\xa9e lauder chief and his girlfriend have postponed their nuptials after deciding things were moving too fast .
 diana lee found bludgeoned and butchered at her countryside home .
comes after weiner 's buzzfeed interview in which he said he has hurt wife huma both personally and professionally .
 hemel hempstead voted ` ugliest town ' in poll on crap towns returns .
 dusty beesley , 81 owns nursery in ravenstone , leicestershire .
police said the bizarre crime caused an obstruction on the line .
but his parents kept looking for him and police matched their dna to his .
gendarmes never found any .
source tells mailonline that trouble had been ` brewing for a year ' .
the socialite was wearing the eternity bracelet cowell bought for her .
profits will be donated to fusilier rigby 's son jack and other local causes .
 the barrack is due to be re-opened in the autumn when an exhibition dedicated to the moluccan exiles will be held .
listeners hit back at the show for encouraging bullying .
 ben carberry , liam gray and kevin hamilton plead guilty to fraud charges .
but the driver later saw them running across dual carriageway into the pub .'
 four of the golfers got a hole in one on the same day .
it will go on show at a new exhibition called elizabeth i and her people .
he was talking and conscious as medics took him to hospital .
he has been treated for an open fracture on foot and is in stable condition .'
the schoolboy immediately spotted its resemblance to a guinea pig .'
she denied obstructing the track with the horse but admitted ` walking ' along the lane rather than ` trotting or cantering ' .
look at drops from above in order to identify different shapes .
ten-year-old won competition looking for real life heroes .
 american study shows that men 's brains are not designed to respond to the sounds of a baby crying .
 ` multiple sources ' have said that the next iphone will come in a gold option .
but he thinks adults should be free to enjoy ` legal ' online sex .
 temperatures in norilsk have hit a record-breaking high of 32c .
the baby is now two weeks old and believed to be the first to survive after birth .
 lyndon plummer arrested on rape charges 28 years after alleged attack .
some 40 % of adults trick themselves into ` extra sleep ' using snooze button .
neurotic men and conscientious women more likely to have fewer .'
will help protect hedgehog population , which is in massive decline .'
his plan worked and for weeks afterwards there were no more incidents .
but he graduated from cambridge yesterday with 2:1 degree in history .
it is only two percent contained and is threatening about 4,500 residences .
 sentence handed down to fraudster described as ` disgraceful ' by victim .
` supermum ' nicky stevens was found by an engineer ` covered in blood ' .
two cars ` written off ' before the truck smashed into a pensioner 's home .
court ordered her to pay the full amount back over 40 years .
died two hours later in hospital from stab wounds .
 anthony marshall was classified eligible for medical parole .
its existence was hidden and only revealed to mrs thatcher in 1983 .
 business secretary vince cable has to sign off on any pay increases for royal mail boss .
celebrities such as jessie j and duncan james have been victims of trolling .'
the attorney general of delaware has undergone a brain biopsy .
circumcisions in the western states are at an all time low of 40.2 per cent .
does your festival fancy dress blow these out of the water ?
indian government confirms no consulate staff have been hurt .
 phil woodbridge jumped out of the passenger door as the lorry fell above his head .
34-year-old lorry driver was also unhurt in the potentially fatal crash .'
the grateful woman posted the man 's picture on reddit.com .
now having a prosthetic mask created that can be attached with glue .
police allegedly caught them in bed but arrested the girl and not him .
he was placed on an antibiotic drip at 6.35 am on february 17 this year .
lee denies the charges .
carer to carry out 300 hours unpaid work for ` potentially dangerous ' actions .
also claims she was bullied by colleagues at southend university hospital .
a modern interpretation of dali 's aphrodisiac telephone -lrb- 1938 -rrb- .
more than 100 homes were without power for nearly eight hours .
it appears to offer better .
 sir .
he is also alleged to have borrowed or been given ` thousands of pounds ' .
man , 22 , arrested on suspicion of child abduction released on police bail .'
 astronaut karen nyberg snapped the photo late saturday and a giant smoke plume is seen clearly from space .
the second was the wrong house on the wrong property .
 diver cristina zenato is world renowned for her work with sharks .
 the guinea pig was served at an ecuadorian food festival .
the allegations have no link to shamed dj jimmy savile , police say .'
edward snowden said he was not behind the report in the independent .
producers the original egg company say convenience foods are soaring .
 liam andrews even shares his bedroom with 60 of the creatures .
 bournemouth borough council erects costly sign above a338 road .
 comes after collapse of confidence in exams after years of grade inflation .
 16-year-old rayna rison was found strangled in a pond in 1993 .
jason tibbs charged with murder after inmate tips off police .'
with tories and lib dems sharing power they split the money .
 hospitals in tourist resorts have installed machines to collect payment .
advice discovered in correspondence with fan sue barker .
ten people injured as police clash with protestors in kishtwar .
chief minister omar abdullah orders probe into communal violence .
 alexia bates , 12 , beat 30 finalists to be crowned world 's perfect preteen .
children 's charities warn that pageants sexualise children .
mrs sakhina emigrated to the u.s. in 1991 , following two of her grandchildren .
the last time anyone heard from him was july 16 when he made two calls and sent a few text messages .
now one has told how his cunning low fat dishes fooled the president .'
 up to a thousand birds are caught a night by volunteers and experts .
swallows , house martins and sand martins are caught in nets .
 twice as many british than us cancer patients believe they will die .
bolt of lightning is also believed to have blasted church spire clean off .
it is thought to have started fire which destroyed the building .'
 alyssa dudley was shot twice in the head and once in the abdomen on july 16 by ex-boyfriend carlos crompton , 39 , days after breaking up with him .
bargo is facing the death penalty for the gruesome murder of 15-year-old seath jackson in 2011 .
he was seized by saltwater crocodile estimated to be 16ft long .
 school secretary nancy caldwell 's number has been listed on an online escort ad .
came after he was made honorary citizen of belgian village of nechin .
abedini suffered internal bleeding after being beaten by guards at the notorious evin prison in tehran .'
they were found buried with a double-edged sword , bowl and snake-shaped belt buckle .'
 images of curious 7cm red-eyed tree frog were captured by wildlife photographer nicholas reusens .
no incidents of trouble reported on its first day today .
he said some claimed they had forgotten the key events .
 boy , aged five , is said to have gotten scared on the ride 's hill .
 first child for la-based lord frederick windsor and his actress wife .
 the landlord of a san francisco icon , the lusty lady , has refused to re-sign the club 's lease .
 more than 400 mourners arrived at st mary 's church in leicestershire .
 gardener , mark button , put box in fridge to encourage honest locals to pay for produce .
he thought marriage was over as they separated seven years before .'
doctors had to resuscitate dominic up to six times a day as a newborn .
but doctors have confirmed he grown out of the condition and should develop normally .'
the slaying took place just a day after he was released on no bail for assaulting the 27-year-old .
the ceo of investment firm berkshire hathaway has also backed us bancor and new york mellon .
 mingo county circuit court judge michael thornsbury was indicted thursday for persecuting his ex-lover 's husband .
subsequent shows dropped the iconic picture from the performance .'
police had a warrant citing suspicions of marijuana possession for the raid .
violations included the grass being too tall and a piano in the yard .'
 mischievous pet escaped after its owner tied it to a lamppost .
she was awarded a place at medical school under quota scheme .
 billy warneke , 25 , perished with 18 fellow firefighters on june 30 .
than august .
secretary jessie robredo last year , who died in plane crash , sparking deep-sea hunt .
 fabian picardo has received a series of abusive messages via twitter .
vane found by passerby on wrong side of safety barrier at bypass .
mother-of-three suffers with paranoid schizophrenia , court told .
appeared at plymouth crown court via video link from psychiatric unit .'
he will make his first appearance on antiques road show in over a year this sunday .
the 40-year-old 's skin hardens and seizes up restricting her movement .
she also has to wear gloves constantly to keep her hands warm .
conditions made worse a heavy monsoon .'
condition prevents the left ventricle of the heart from developing normally .
pictures show the team celebrating on the grass - but not urinating .
returned to his life of crime and is now imprisoned for three months .'
locals said a 4x4 vehicle was used to ram down the gates of his home .
jack newton , 23 , raced to the wreckage on landing strip to find his sister rebecca , 21 , and father horrifically maimed .
 ethan temmen jumped into swimming pool to save drowning toddler .
his body was found on monday 1,000 feet from his abandoned vehicle after police discovered text messages indicating he wanted to kill himself .
 nigella emerged with a smile from central london hairdressers .
 neil wilson received 12-month suspended sentence after preying on girl .
 camera on the m60 near stockport is uk 's most lucrative capturing 32,000 .
 lucy steers suffered gashes and a broken nose at hotel party .
neighbours raised the alarm after seeing them break in using wheelie bins .
 mother and daughter ann and bridie denniss , spotted the 3ft long snake in the garden .
46 % of people who received their bill in a heart-shaped dish left a tip .
lines then show how each contact is connected to others .
started baking business and just enjoyed the smell of cakes .
his body was found on monday 1,000 feet from his abandoned vehicle .
joined forces with soraya chemaly and jaclyn friedman to launch #fbrape .
 astronaut karen nyberg snapped the photo late saturday and a giant smoke plume is seen clearly from space .
ultimo adore moi is her first lingerie campaign .
after it attacked her twice she played dead and the bear away .
she was hit by daniel mitchell 's vehicle on m40 in buckinghamshire .
 brett anderson : ` she needs to be somewhere safe and familiar ' .
 shannon guess richardson , 35 , pleaded not guilty wednesday at a hearing where .
flawless gem is the largest round blue diamond ever graded .
 sir richard branson was in town , sources told mailonline .
ashley wrote to trainer chris from tv show extreme weightloss .
husband jason was inspired to join in and also lost over 12 stone .'
 former new york city tutor reveals dirty tricks played by pushy parents .
 aaron hernandez , 23 , charged with murdering odin lloyd on june 18 .
young komodo dragon was not dangerous but an adult would have been .
couples will be protected under federal law across the u.s.'
the market near odessa , ukraine , is one of europe 's largest open-air malls and covers 170 hectares .
 the rug includes cgear technology developed by the australian military .
 the cat , chum , was actually just a savannah cat - not a leopard .
the cat had the neighborhood in fear for several weeks .'
 jane o'brien found the ticket as she cleaned out her handbag .
considered fit and healthy .
long winter allowed wasps to hibernate , while late summer provided abundant food .
the four of diamonds , for example , could be neil diamond singing .
astronauts will shuttle to and from asteroids aboard the next-generation orion spacecraft .
` we do n't know what we are dealing with , ' admits vice mayor .
 soldiers walked into a wedding party in hebron during a patrol .
she was jailed for leaking government secrets to wikileaks website .
it passed a series of rigorous crash tests to receive the recommendation .
on thursday jesse starkey was arrested on a state warrant .
 first-time .
jennifer rosoff 's date was cleared of any wrongdoing .
lymphohistiocytosis .'
virgin 's west coast franchise only had 47 % punctuality rate .
 safari animals transported over 400 miles from south zimbabwe .
twins , 15 , locked in faeces-strewn basement by heroin-addict father .
valentino 's oriental motifs and arabesque patterns impressed baz luhrmann .
israeli settlements in east jerusalem now total around 200,000 people .
the two were 10-year-old schoolgirls when they first started writing .'
 brin and his wife , anne wojcicki , both 40 , married in 2007 and have two children .
this is a similar process that leads to the northern lights on earth .
 paula hebblethwaite , 45 , from dorset , lost 6st before her wedding in 1993 .
 vineet kumar srivastava , 36 , charged with second-degree rape in july 22 incident .
attack took place in building 27 on microsoft 's redmond , washington , campus .
 new drug can extend survival time and improve quality of life for men with untreatable prostate cancer .
angry demonstrators were calling on left-leaning government to resign .
 masala only manages eighth in british curry poll .'
on monday they sent her home saying it violated school policy and she had to change it .
 couple 's baby was found crying near mother 's dead body .
 polly chowdhury remanded in custody in connection with the murder .
bbc investigation exposes tactics of professional gangs .
the organisation attracted the support of david beckham and mo farah .'
 jacqueline goldberg , 87 , invested millions with trump after he promised to share profits on a glitzy chicago hotel and tower .
 tent pictured in the grounds of central london station .
reveals how her sister 's life was saved by wearing one .
 dust devil filmed near dummer , hampshire .
animals have been entertaining visitors to dudley zoological garden .
 a married woman dying of cancer wants to find a partner for her lover before she dies .
` sharon b ' posted an ad on facebook searching for ` wonderful woman ' to take up with the man when she dies .
 oxford colleges are accepting ` associate students ' for up to # 40,000 a year .
 couple confirm they are taking a break to ` evaluate and work on marriage ' .
 humboldt penguin at yorkshire zoo that ` thinks she is a human ' .
webster was raised by her keeper after being rejected at birth by parents .
new product sobe lifewater 's name is ` too similar ' to his own life water .
 rep devin nunes of california claims that the department of justice has tapped the phones in the republican cloak room at the capitol .
his father is a general in china 's people 's liberation army .
belton was beaten to death by two teenagers last week .
 the man and woman plunged down the cliff at southerndown beach in wales .
police say incident appears to be a ` tragic accident '
 the nba star was arrested on suspicion of dui in the early hours of thursday morning .
pheromones relay information about fertility to the opposite sex .'
he will serve more then 50 dishes which will have a strong vegan influence .'
tari gathered thousands of disciples in papua new guinea 's jungles .
former penn state coach is serving 30 to 60 years in prison for sexually abusing 10 to 15 boys .
 michael coady fell and broke his neck while snowboarding in a terrain park .
it took two hours to cook and two men to lift it out of the oven .
 steve ballmer , 57 , will leave the software firm in 12 months .
once accepted onto the app store , hackers are able to tweak the app to make it malicious .
teen wants to go back to zanzibar to carry on with voluntary work .
leeson was getting ready for a party at neighbor 's house .
ploughed into the back of stationary traffic on m25 in essex .
 kennel club has warned would-be owners to avoid online retailers .
number of sexually transmitted infections 46 per cent higher than 2003 .
her sister mary cheney married her longtime female partner in 2012 .
 hafez al-assad apparently dared the united states to launch an attack and make a ` huge mistake ' .
while authenticity of facebook profile is hard to confirm , the post has been ` liked ' by accounts belonging to the children of senior syrian officials .
 classified budget document leaked to washington post by edward snowden .
 ten costumes from the itv drama on display at the west ox art gallery .
she was rushed to hospital and underwent four hours of surgery .
sierra , .
boats ` took off ' and ` disintegrated as bits flew off of them ' during smash .
 glossy autumn/winter campaign shot around london .
 new campaign features some of london 's top names .
among them henry holland , jasper conran and preen .
he staggered to friends house and later died in hospital .
 chancellor claims incomes will rise by 4 % if scotland stays in the uk .
but government has shelved plans for plain packaging laws .
victim of deadly stabbing identified as josh broussard , 16 .
stabbed joshua henley 13 times in the changing rooms of a gym .
paranoid schizophrenia pipe was obsessed with batman nemesis .
 german midfielder mesut \xc3\x96zil has transferred from real madrid to arsenal .
 he yide ` flew for 35 minutes ' over beijing , according to his father .
 two people pledging support to weiner have worked for him .
ciudad juarez known as a city where violence against women is the norm .
 essex police released cctv footage of man they want to speak to .
 evan hall , 19 , embraced singer during gig at ricoh stadium in coventry .
olivia was more excited about starting school than being a star .
 physiotherapist catherine whitty , 40 , from melbourne sued prada .
was told it could n't be removed and launched legal action .
armstrong , 24 , charged with first-degree murder of londyn samuels and .
 pair of knickers reveal queen victoria 's waistline was once 37 inches .
the designs can be used to create objects using a standard 3d printer .
larcombe has categorically denied any wrongdoing in a solicitor 's statement .
it monitors sites and sends shocks to people who are procrastinating .
 half-naked ` prostitutes ' in amsterdam launch into dance routine .
 doug clark has offered the thieves the title to his 2009 nissan pathfinder .
 large chunks of mulberry b have been found by british scientists .
 sunshine in the southwest saw temperatures hit 23c .
nolan and genevieve hippisley broke up after long relationship .
hotel owner accuses mr date of foul play , but medium says he was set up .'
ruane vowed to support miss truelove when she decided to keep the baby .
 john lennon bought the gypsy caravan for his son julian 's fourth birthday , in 1967 .
one robber shot in the head by police left with life-threatening injuries .'
 elaina steinfurth , 18 months old , went missing june 1 while staying with family of her mother 's boyfriend .
but that went out the window when told to perform scene from the office .
trial date has been fixed for march 4 and is expected to last up to five weeks .'
spent 17 weeks in intensive care but discharged the day after his due date .
 education secretary condemns ` celebrating ' vote against military action .
she joined weightwatchers after being unable to fit into a size 24 dress .
he spent three months in tameside hospital before being released .
embarrassment for labour as rudd fails to revive party .
 u.s. scientists found an economic downturn in the larger .
his 11-island resort in the bahamas features trained macaws that clean up trash .
rates .
 28-year-old jamil etayem threatened to stab himself and his girlfriend 's 9-month-old son just last month .
lowanda ` peanut ' kilby allegedly charged owners $ 100 to save pets before euthanizing them .
it is believed that the dog , which has been taken to kennels , is a family pet .
 seven different versions of the paintings of sunflowers in a vase .
charles atkins lewis ` had attacked the woman as she left an office block ' .
 erotic lives of the superheroes imagines batman as an ageing homosexual .
in marco mancassola 's book batman and robin are in a relationship .
 pippa middleton spoke of her schoolgirl crush in a spectator magazine article .
children put into orphanages - but biological sons have been returned .
husband admits he came up with the idea ` as a bit of a joke in the pub ' .
his wife susan lowry-huws , 60 , gets 12 months suspended for two years .
when officers tried to speak with him from outside the bedroom , isadore shot through the door .
a swat team was brought in but isadore refused to negotiate or leave the room .
zoo in desperate need of cubs after spending # 7 million to rent pandas for ten years .'
now she is a sophomore at patrick henry college in suburban washington dc .
marr has been criticised for ` allowing saatchi to apologise for his brother '
probe will study the lunar atmosphere and environment .
miss colquhoun also dated rowan atkinson at oxford university .
 don foster wants to stop betting shops opening without permission .
customers drawn to high stake casino-style gambling machines .'
 the little girl plunged around 65ft from the window of a flat in plymouth .
 australian biologists said some areas where ice melts in early summer are already being dominated by algae .
 ami nahal 's ex-boyfriend nick davies set himself and his van on fire .
theresa may is on 18 % , michael gove 13 % , george osborne 3 % .
the 82-year-old spent more than two hours waiting for an ambulance .
over 60 in 2011 , up 73 % since 1991 .
campaigners argue the ` extras ' should be done by councils anyway .
 mokhles raheema was driving wife samaher to hospital in gavle , sweden .
 mel gibson exploded with rage after being pulled over in malibu , california .
 samsung 's galaxy s iii and note ii both scored higher than apple phones .
it will provide access to music on compatible systems through the cloud .
probe will study the lunar atmosphere and environment .
she and ray .
 1,200 gathered this weekend to choose the name and logo of the new organization .
 christine ridout , 52 , was browsing a garage sale in buffalo , new york .
miss baxter is in los angeles with their three children .
mother kelli stapleton is accused of trying to kill herself and her daughter .
 robert fernandes , from forks township , pa , took a duffel bag of bills to the local tax office .
 homes near town of clayton , northern california have been .
 rumoured ` new ' logo is more muted in colour and has flatter letters .
mycelium is made up of millions of tiny fibres and used as ` growing glue ' .
witnesses say they overheard the mother and son arguing about ice cream .
sarria was first openly gay person to run for office in 1961 .
monkey numbers at the zoo have recently exploded from 70 to 500 .'
 macauley jenkinson was sentenced to life imprisonment for the attack .
handbrake was on , but they watched in horror as car rolled into canal .
it does n't use any adhesive and is made of a naturally sticky material .
hilary french : ` do n't let your parents fight your battles for you '
` the natalie collection ' includes a novel ` birthing simulator ' that can be used with fake blood to prepare midwives for post birth bleeding .
pensioners ' brains rejuvenated after 12 hours and got better with practice .
he also looked after his two-year-old brother , layton .
 amy lewis , 20 , from manchester , was told her hands might be amputated .
she weighed just 4st 7lb at her most ill and succumbed to other conditions .
hussaina and hassana badaru , one , were separated on august 12 .
but 51-year-old lived for three weeks as family staged a bedside vigil .'
 knightsbridge apartment comes with work called suddenly last summer .
last week , campbell said he was a good father outside new jersey court .
58 % of grandchildren consider their grandmother to be a style inspiration .'
 steve fulcher failed to read christopher halliwell his rights after he was arrested .
himself on september 3 .
 anonymous donor returns relic to museum devoted to general .
 charles phillip wilson was discovered by michelle leeper who walked in on him while he was lying half-naked on her bed .
 the model , 39 , viewed kate moss : the collection at christie 's .
 the birds filled the skies today above snettisham , norfolk .
they took to the skies after high waters covered their feeding grounds .'
 two teenagers were left hanging on to railings as 50ft waves crashed down on whitley bay promenade .
 jonathan buchanan , 15 , was the only sibling out of three who was the perfect match .
ridiculed opponents of his economic for refusing to admit defeat .
 david lawson called co-operative funeral care after his neighbour 's husband was due to give evidence against him in court .
himself on september 3 .
 casey veal found 11-month-old zayden lying in blood-stained sheets in his cot after a robbery at their home in bendigo , australia .
 gym chains promise to be more upfront about the contract terms .
left for the hospital for the first time on thursday and thanked supporters .'
he was born with no diaphragm and had to have surgery to create one .
patient is given drugs to suppress antibody production and is attached to machine that filters their plasma to remove antibodies .
 travis baker , 34 , has confessed to shooting wendy billups , 33 , twice in the head .
so he called 911 and claimed the man could be trying to pirate the film .'
he is wanted in connection with alleged abuse of an eight-year-old .'
 taser use has jumped - more than 10 per cent of officers now carry one .
had two operations to remove the tumour and is now fully recovered .
boris johnson reveals he has chosen a blue tricycle for prince george .
he was serving 21 years for raping a seven-year-old boy .
 felix jeronimo gonzalez-becerra , from oakland , california , was pulled over by police and found with a replica handgun , money , hoodie and backpack .
towie star lucy mecklenburg has declared herself ` hooked ' on hula .
she is alleged to have attempted to extorted $ 250,000 from a married 61-year-old detroit businessman .
theresa vail is second miss america contestant to be in armed forces .
 average age of britain 's millionaires is 55 compared to global average of 57 .
 arthur adlam , 31 , was told he would have to pay # 30 to get his wallet back .
 dr abdul choudhuri , took a wallet from a starbucks in october 2010 .
the london taxi company faced uncertain future .
discovered he had moved 60 miles away on august 7 .
 dartington primary school 's new # 7million eco-building opened in 2010 .
match descended into chaos when smoke bomb exploded during the game between widnes vikings and warrington wolves .'
 nigel evans charged with rape , 5 sexual assaults and 2 indecent assaults .
she claims it has left her with injuries to her cervix and vagina .
but the prime minister said he was ` annoyed ' at the extraordinary criticism .
 odzhan said he is happy living with parents alexander and elena in siberia .
former england goalkeeper peter shilton , 63 , has 125 .
yankey will receive cap playing for england aginst japan in burton .
but the state says it could offend , which is illegal in michigan .
the girl 's father reported the alleged abuse to police after she told a friend .
the girl 's now-dead mother allegedly forced her to watch pornographic movies and allowed evenson to fondle her .
malcolm then posted a sickening video of the attack on facebook .
he told his victim ` her vagina was his ' .
 new technology used in 2012 survey registers the summit at 20,237 feet .
they can be seen spinning above the water under a large funnel cloud .'
 jordan linn graham , 22 , told investigators that she pushed cody lee johnson , 25 , from the cliff in glacier national park on july 7 .
family received threatening phone calls after blog post about incident .
both donald trump and president obama donated to the effort .
 man , 27 , was crushed and trapped by 30-ton boulder that fell on him .
 bloom energy paid 14 staff well below the $ 7.25-an-hour federal minimum .
refurbishment was meant to be finished in time for his daughter 's wedding .
john lewis was considered the best in the investigation .'
 man , 32 , detained in bristol in connection with menacing twitter threats .
abbey is a protected building , and carrying out works nearby may be an offence .
but he was killed during the struggle - making him the first victim of 9/11 .
fallon 's tv nemesis jay leno also makes a surprise appearance .
images also include her on a dolphin , a russian rocket and statue of liberty .
 world 's largest social network is losing millions of users each month .
 larry minton 's plane crashed down after the engine lost power .
 toddler ayla reynolds vanished from her father 's home in december 2011 .
they will be published on 30 september in a book , the lifeboat : courage on our coasts .
 cheryl , 30 , has cheat days but does workout dvds to burn it off .
 marriam oliver could be freed in three years after hearing .
 prince william said their son has ' a voice to match any lion 's roar ' .
she asked miss cole to perform in her play ah men in eastleigh tonight .'
ms walters has denied the move .
on katie , she walked across the stage with new prosethetics .
 twitter is now the most popular way to impress a new love .
texting and phone calls were the second most used method .
popslate 's creators are now working on an ipad version .
 national association of head teachers said parents should stop checking their phones when talking to children .
she is now setting her sights on acting roles in hollywood films .'
said they deserved same opportunities as rich children at private schools .
end .
 london mayor challenged about fire station closures during at city hall .
it overshot the runway and crashed into a barrier after hitting a goose .
former university administrator robinson has been jailed for 30 months .
usher v was in the care of the singer 's aunt who tameka has ` issues ' with .
 whitney brock , 22 , was adopted in 1991 by teresa and andy brock , but she was always curious about her birth family .
 meghan mccain was on reddit for an ask me almost anything .
martin says massacre was based on historical event .
sykes thhen steals a second cruiser as bills was being arrested .
sykes then steals a second cruiser as bills was being arrested .
he was jailed for three years and banned from directing a company .
 garrett holeve , 23 , was set to fight david steffan , an opponent with cerebral palsy .
he collided with another rider and was taken to hospital , where he died .
 comic relief chair peter bennett-jones says corporation is too big .
admitted three charges of misconduct in a public office last year .
in 2007 , garry newlove was killed by three teenagers - one was on bail .
 lieutenant islam bibi , 37 , was shot dead as she left for work in helmand .
 tories had 5-point lead among in 2010 but now 13 points behind labour .
but most of all , she 's a fan of mary berry .
owner watched helplessly as police said it was not insured .
just two per cent of properties are now bungalows .
 irene lowe , 84 , broke her shoulder in a fall at home .
was admitted to university hospital of north staffordshire for surgery .
was told she could not have food or water before the operation .
carers put her back to bed and waited 40 minutes before calling for help .'
she said she , mccluskey and another escaped inmate carjacked couple .
but the location had to be changed to the mendip hills because of showers .
but they kept searching for the ` missing ' woman for eight-and-a-half hours .
the app also shows price , delivery information and stock levels .
the handset costs more than the average monthly income in china .
university of .
mrs norman had told authorities she was concerned about landslides .'
india .
miss reynolds has two sons - raymond , two and one-month-old anthony .
coined the phrase ` turn on , tune in , drop out ' and was dubbed by president nixon as ` the most dangerous man in america ' .
and whole grains to eat .
the standard of nhs care is currently under scrutiny after a series of damning reports .
 unison leader criticises ed miliband 's ` opt in ' reform for party support .
if gov.
spike was millimetres from 10-year-old 's windpipe and major arteries .
 15 people arrested , including suspected members of al shabeeb .
 sam and dan houser founded rockstar games and wrote grand theft auto .
 sophie leigh balmer , 18 , from liverpool , died on sunday after taking drug .
 cleared knox claims her every movement ` distracted from the evidence ' .
 the shapely absolute world towers was named skyscraper of the year .
 commonwealth gold medallist is often asked how she gets enviable figure .
workers on crane black out logo on tail and body of aircraft following star alliance ` crisis communication rule '
kate 's marlborough college peers revealed they 'd met through friends .
but advert - since removed - did not reveal he would be chaperoning .
 nelson mandela will soon be discharged after spending a month in hospital .
she painted them a dazzling gold to celebrate , a color they have remained .
it syncs with a free e-reader app on an android or ios tablet and phone .
he was grabbed and stabbed by marcin cwiakalo , 21 , who worked nearby .
nottingham crown court hears that cwiakalo is paranoid schizophrenic .
katie price was ` blackmailed after intimate photos of her were stolen ' .
andrew mitchell resigned over allegations he called police officers ` plebs ' .
had bone marrow transplant at london 's great ormond street to cure it .
 nick clegg tried to show he is ordinary working husband during conference .
she refuses to quit and does n't want to set a bad example for her daughter .
 naj hashimi fled to uk from afghanistan aged 11 in 2006 .
supplier .
 at one time had a net worth of $ 200 million .
sterling , 18 , plays for liverpool fc and england national squad .'
 laura leconte pais , 31 , snatched phone from child when she heard moaning .
 cocabang 's line is for athletic girls with muscular thighs and small waist .
researchers at the georgia institute of technology believe ` mini lisa ' demonstrates a technique that could be used in nanomanufacturing .
` harlem shake ' soundtracked the internet dance craze of the same name .
cost of cleaning site expected to be tens of thousands of pounds .
said he was shocked by the ` plethora ' of the homeless living in la .
on one occasion she had sex with a boy while her husband was asleep .
the billionaire heaped praise on the federal reserve 's quantitative easing program .
school administrators claim it 's against a dress code meant to prepare them for the business world .
shipping container homes have already proven a success in holland .'
she said the otters appeared to be fighting over territorial rights .'
they told police they did not intend to kill but admitted guilt during trial .
his dreams of buying an impressive engagement ring were shattered .
 charles trippy remained conscious while brain surgeons removed tumour .
 stephen phillips was shot in the abdomen , legs and head while riding his motorbike .
thai wife , 29 , denies any involvement in her husband 's murder .
the advert went on to be voted britain 's favourite of all time .
keepers surprised by killing as elephant was an experienced mother .'
father and daughter both died of multiple organ failure .'
lost out on chance to play for $ 1 million prize by stumbling over words .'
 sophie had to wear protective blue shoe covers .
 oligarch had a portfolio of ` trophy properties ' in the south of france .
he wants to secure immunity first since there are four other bodies buried in the same shaft as gricar and he does n't want to incriminate himself .
but it was the glamorous jackie kennedy who stole the show .
 apple 's eagerly-anticipated new iphone 5s will be launched on friday .
 demand has been ` disappointing ' according to a u.s network operator .
mother-of-three has welcomed lewis and ashton into her own family .
road has now gone , moved .
force confirm officer has been given ` management advice '
despite row , he vows to ` put on my best show , as i do every night '
 president barack obama contacted captain william swenson personally .
the army trainer 's original application was lost by officials .
 perfect summer weather means 2013 hop crop could be one of the best for growers .
bill de blasio will now go on to battle republican joe lhota in the fight for mayor bloomberg 's job on november 5 .
cookies are used to monitor what people like and what sites they visit .
 landlady charlotte smith almost turned away the future king because she had a ` no-boys ' policy .
police called at 12.20 pm today and arrested the man after a taser was fired .
the exotic shorthair is a breed developed to be a shorthaired version of the persian cat .
but black resident bobby harper says he 's not afraid and he 's staying put .
 cartoon cuts to porno movie for six minutes .
 mother ` dropped baby girl when she climbed on to conveyer belt ' .
 jessica leng was born with a growth the size of a pea on her face .
for three months , it grew rapidly until it was the size of a grapefruit .
 the remains of levon wameling , 9 months , were found in a container in an upstate new york river on september 6 .
strategists order cheesey photo opportunities in city centre and on beach .
i can now grieve ' .
the 76-year-old has since be detained for under the mental health act .
he had previously been .
on tuesday , she was dealt a four year prison sentence .
magistrate says sorry for ordering dog 's destruction .
james kingston , 23 , photographed southampton at its finest hour .'
sheriff said they are not looking for a suspect outside of the home .
 us investment banker chief executive has denied a charge of sexual assault .
on unrelated charges was indicted for murder in the deaths of miller and .
despite the tumour being half the size of her brain , she had no symptoms .
 28 year-old sam mcginlay married her partner brian in falkirk , scotland .
on unrelated charges was indicted for murder in the deaths of miller and .
 amazing cloud formation appears in filton , bristol .
awards were handed out by nobel laureates at an annual ceremony .'
pledged # 40,000 of funding say the tomb has been designed with the .
this is almost double the opening weekend sales of its iphone 5 .
 archeologists uncovered the pavement last week at the hurlers stone circles .
six-year-old paul was born with several congenital conditions .'
the duchess picked up a faux leather letter rack for # 22.99 .
she also bought a red ` love ' pillow for just # 9.99 .
 raffaelo follieri , hathaway 's ex , spent 4-1/2 years in federal prison for defrauding investors .
 marie owen , 27 , put up the sign after witnessing people having sex in cars .
she moved into the house with her young children just a few months ago .
joe kernen apologizes after making inappropriate comment .
an investigation was carried out by staff at furness general hospital .
alverez 's father was the one to call 911 and report the deaths .
mother amanda hutton denies manslaughter at bradford crown court .
 abbie emmett , 27 , died after falling from a balcony during their honeymoon .
she used a satellite phone to pop the question to partner lucy .
police began investigating accident claims company city claims 4 u .
 endangered species taking over a garden in choppington , northumberland .
paul goldstein was assisting staff pulling it out of the pool by the tail .'
victim 's mom now wants country-wide anti-bullying law .
 luxury website recruiting ` living luxury executive ' .
all 26 contracts for the scheme were awarded to bt .
but mitchell insists they give comedians more scope for improvisation .
 tv presenter ` alleged to have raped teenage relative of his friends ' .
he beat his wife hazel bailey to death at their cheshire home last sept .
she took up running at age of 36 .
two managers who worked with singh also sentenced .'
russian law bans ` promotion of homosexuality to minors ' in several states .
born in 1935 , she was a model and was photographed by david bailey .
 montana teacher stacey rambold , 48 , was sentenced to 30 days in prison for raping a 14-year-old girl last month .
judge baugh gave .
 pfc.
silverman called 911 and reported the escaped pair .'
the hollywood stunt pilot was in china for an air show .
police are awaiting the results of an autopsy being performed today .
 group of men punched and kicked outnumbered victims .
he disappeared after being questioned over sex offence allegations .
sharkey is the first person to be fined for tombstoning in cumbria .
power couple balls and cooper showed no fear as they hit the floor .'
their attention .
five days later , tyree was shot dead in his apartment and his friend michael joe hale was injured .
it instantly went viral and currently has over 1,400,000 views on youtube .
 boy , 8 , dices with death by riding down one of the rio 's busiest roads .
washington and lee study is in psychology of popular media culture .'
but this has lead to spate of thefts of dogs who resemble lupo .
 stephanie macdonald-walker received a # 367 gas bill from british gas .
but issey miyake was the highlight on day four with an accomplished collection packed with wearable pieces .
640,000 southern california students , k-12 , will have free ipads by 2014 .
anti-government extremists have targetted troops and officials before .'
it has now been reported she spends # 4,000 a month on public relations .'
the officer was left with a shattered leg and is in constant agony .'
 at least 21 dead including woman and her eight children .
no entry signs include silhouette of man sawing through stop bar .
was rushed to bradford royal infirmary where the problem was diagnosed .
the duo were accompanied by pierre 's girlfriend beatrice borromeo , 28 .
investigators were still at the scene by 2am and have not ruled out arson .'
 noi 's louis farrakhan is guest at party held by iranian delegation .
 stefano ampollini conned # 60,000 from casino , then # 19,000 months later .
 teen went to the police station in the kushinagar district of uttar pradesh to report that she had been raped by a local resident .
 device uses same ultrasound technology as the award-winning ultracane .
two teenagers have been arrested , one of whom was shot by bush 's guard .
comes a week after a row over problems with pilot fatigue .
 the senate had to vote on a temporary measure to keep the federal government funded but a group of conservative republicans attached a clause defunding ` obamacare ' .
however , doctors misdiagnosed this as soft tissue infection .
 megan young , 23 , has been crowned miss world 2013 in a glittering finale on indonesia 's resort island of bali .
successors milburn and hewitt were ` obsessed ' with breaking up nhs .
 90,000 people are expected to attend charity event in battersea park .
 nadia tolokonnikova is on hunger strike over prison conditions .
 the 8-inch bell was taken from a newly-built playground over the weekend .
blood .
navarro-canales will be tried as an adult .
 the hit bbc show has repeatedly shown items made by corbeau and luke , whose logos have been clearly visible .
 man was walking into barking tube station on saturday .
work at house began just after 8am and is expected to last several days .'
benefits claimants will have to do 30 hours a week in a work placement .
bought his first nissan in 1974 - a datsun cherry that set him back # 3,750 .
divorcee mother-of-one says she felt ` intimidated ' by newman .
 stewart lorains ` suffered diabetes , asthma and psoriatic arthropathy ' .
 savers earning just # 4.40 on nest egg of # 1,000 , while homeowners saving # 89 for monthly repayments on # 150,000 .
pictures of matadors said to ` symbolise the barbaric sport '
prosecution told jury she ` cared more about alcohol than her child ' .
 duchess of york said she and prince andrew ` really respect each other ' .
 suspected ring-leader ` andrea chichi ' accused of forcing boys into sex trade .
his family stopped paying her medical bills when she refused to say it was an accident .
he took girlfriend melissa moss up in a helicopter so she saw the message .
this is not the first time the pool has closed in response to missing and bleaching hair .'
jurors ordered cypress to pay $ 30million in compensatory damages and $ 5million in punitive damages .'
heavy rains may have contributed to the rock slide .'
 the four would-be cowboys were said to be between 13 and 16 years old .
he admitted doctors had given him the all-clear from prostrate cancer .
 john mccririck is suing channel 4 for # 3m compensation after sacking .
mrs flisher has boasted on facebook saying critics are simply ` jealous '
 loni bouchard , now 22 , had sex with two 14-year-old boys when she was 19 .
 new report shows the more physical activity , the more you are protected .
 sabrina moss was hit in the chest while out celebrating her birthday .
he has been jailed for 15 years for manslaughter .'
 huts in shoebury have metal roofs and plastic walls filled with hardcore .
mr mason , 52 , who was 70st , featured in a documentary about his life .
was released by vilnius appeals court because of a lack of evidence .
pitt plays a commander of an amphibious sherman tank .
earth and venus have a similar mass and may have formed in similar way .
 juliana finondo , 39 , is the first transplant patient to have a baby using ivf .
the 24-year-old was pronounced dead at hospital in phoenix , arizona .'
 kennamer died in alabama five years after a stroke .
facebook messages in which she expresses anger turned over to police .
against robinson 's parents claiming negligence .
she says facial feminisation surgery has made a huge difference .
she puts her incredible physique down to her gruelling job as a firefighter .
 mohammed hussein , 19 , was part of north london-based get money gang .
ross reisner shot dead in front of his partner at their dream house .
but scotland tops the list with four out of the five worst areas for offences .
 mayor of london launches attack on uk independence party .
teases david cameron over photo napping at sister-in-law 's wedding .
no other woman has followed in her footsteps despite 13 appointments .
they crashed the animal into the back of a parked volkswagen polo .
he was found wandering the streets this week and taken to a shelter where staff matched his image with a missing poster and contacted the family .
he hugged his wife and daughters after he got the verdict .
they appeared to have new clothes and mccollum , 20 , had a new hairdo .
prosecutors say they could face a six-month investigation over drug gang .'
 department of education figures show girls outperformed boys in the tests .
they are fighting the spread of phytophthora ramorum , a fungus-like disease .
 cardinal ravasi claims christ was the first to send messages to masses .
he said jesus used phrases made up of fewer than 45 characters .
he even asked him ` what gun would you like to be shot with ? '
 juvinal ferreira cut mark bridger 's face and arm with a shiv .
band deny claims that their drivers ran through three red lights in perth .
called his mother while completing practice jumps before the attempt .
but they ended up in a tent over their four dogs and three budgies .
 the branching table is the brainchild of designer andrei hakhovich .
the victim had 54 injuries and had objected to being told to take a shower .
the 24-year-old was pronounced dead at hospital in phoenix , arizona .
 shirley williams , 75 , had only been living in the bungalow for a few days .
admitted to james cook university hospital when it spread to his brain .
yeates has also been jailed for 14 months for her part .
also matched image of sultana 's shoe to a trainer found at his flat .
father-of-three pleads guilty to assault on the mother of his children .
researchers found a reduction in the .
mistake only realised when girl showed her parents the prescription .
tatyana 's other daughter svetlana .
says she paid for forged passports for herself and two of her children .
 ray waldron , 75 , from birmingham , has never cut his grass .
 miraculously no one was hurt in the early-morning crash in indianapolis .
quarter start earlier than last year due to budget restraints .
 ted parsons , 98 , and jean reed , 90 , married in kingston , surrey .
 police in mumbai arrested a 26-year-old man on suspicion of raping the girl .
 singer will young is set to undergo a hair transplant .
 gong haiyan , 37 , is the shanghai entrepreneur behind jiayuan.com .
doctors told her she had 10 years to live due to obesity .
 actor dyer will meet comedian terry alderton on set .
he told his family the boy 's mother would n't let him see his young child .
he will set out a decade-long blueprint to address the bbc 's challenges .
older mothers face more risks during pregnancy , as do their babies .
 angry priest tells photographers to move or he 'll stop the wedding .
 mr randall dramatically resigned as tory deputy chief whip last night .
 photographer caught the moment the man saluted capitol .
they pose with their lookalikes , before uploading the photos online .
students from outside europe will have to make a contribution to the nhs .
 flanders , 45 , set for lucrative switch after working at bbc for 11 years .
kerry told reporters it is important not to ` sympathize ' with terrorists .
the ipcc has submitted a file of evidence to the cps for consideration .
 tommy taylor and his pet parrot blaze were banned from the helix near falkirk in scotland .
staff claimed the green-winged macaw was a health and safety risk .
plan involves turning insects into flour to be used in bread and other foods .
beki has her own tattoo studio so drew the body art on eve .
 horrifying act unfolded in thailand 's busy burana district of bangkok .
 german graffiti duo call themselves zebrating .
her father lindolfo thibes was jailed for life in 2009 .
 connor holloway , 14 , could have died after taking a drug called sensate .
his heart rate plummeted and he was in a coma-like state for 12 hours .
 the keating bolt will go from 0-60 mph in just two seconds .
south should remain dry and sunny while north will endure some rain .
her audi a3 was crushed when the digger 's bucket suddenly came down .
 sandra mowbray , from oldbury , west midlands , conned her way into the pensioner 's home by pretending to be a council worker .
 former lib dem councillor john larsen , 46 , lived in denbigh , north wales .
 ana hernandez , 32 , died in june 2012 from a painkiller overdose .
pulled over , but collapsed moments later from a brain haemorrhage .
 the masterson sisters from california were all diagnosed between the ages of 52 and 54 .
the park has been closed since hardig 's illness .
` it is the future .
 the house tea party caucus founder made comments in radio interview .
the 57-year-old also predicted the end of the world in 2006 .
judge berry told white her labour in prison was ` punishment enough '
 abby maccurtain has leigh 's disease , a rare incurable nerve disorder .
during the episode servant anna bates was beaten and raped by valet mr green played by former eastenders actor nigel harman .'
they will attend the largest festival on the hindu calendar , in kolkata .
shows ` starbucksdrakehands guy ' attempting to woo woman he met shop .
university of texas researchers found people are almost .
while 15 per cent they would opt for the more expensive xbox one .
the book comes in its original binding with babylonian vowel markings .'
table costs $ 1,200 and was made by an engineering company in boston .'
 woman who had menopause at 25 has had a baby thanks to the treatment .
one in 10 dieters have ditched their diet by tuesday .
 133-year-old letter reveals kelly was protected by his homemade armour .
 jon sandusky is the browns director of player personnel .
refurbishment in each of the pilot homes is likely to cost # 35,000 .
 jamella tisdale , 25 , and her two sons died in the crash friday night in lawrence , new jersey .
her husband , shaqwan tisdale survived , as well as her daughter mellady durante .
the crash occurred when a tractor-trailer made an illegal u-turn and the family 's suv crashed into it .
 mark ` chopper ' read was one of australia 's most notorious criminals .
it has travelled an astonishing 39,000 miles on patrol .
 reports cast doubt on salmond 's claims that oil will transform economy .
their lawyers are now trying to overturn their murder convictions , arguing that they were too drunk to know what they were doing .
miss eustace says they were in a relationship and she owns the flat .
but the eight-year-old seems to have regained the feeling in both legs .
 lilian taylor , 88 , was wrongly driven to her previous address .
rejection of database welcomed by civil liberties campaigners .
but in somerset only 850 of the 2,000 badgers targeted were culled .
withnell has pleaded guilty and will be sentenced at a later date .
 ross william ulbricht , 29 , arrested in california and sent to new york to face felony charges including solicitation of murder .
 collision happened on wednesday in west odessa , texas .'
teaching hospitals dressed up as characters from the film to persuade .
now almost all 147 tories first elected in 2010 have told him to back down .
the 10-year-old boy was picked up by police in the dark by the interstate 45 .
 kwame served as mayor of detroit from 2002 to 2008 .
her daughter jemima got stage-fright and had to be taken off three times .
spain is only country to feature two of the most impressive terminals .
schoolgirl , 16 , honoured by european parliament for ` incredible strength ' .
prosthetic allows him to continue work at his shop in derby .'
it 's believed they re-housed him somewhere in the north of england .
the two men have each been charged with misdemeanor assault .
susan .
the small squares of paper soaked in methamphetamine are a new form of the drug .
many ranchers lost up to half of their herds leaving livelihoods in ruins .
these price hikes could end up being filtered down to customers .
jen lost her battle on thursday morning , with her husband at her side .'
 malala yousafzai says she hopes to become her country 's prime minister .
he realised he had symptoms similar to those on a graphic warning image .
had surgery to remove tumour and rebuild his tongue with skin and a vein from his forearm and is now recovering in preparation for radiotherapy .'
 katherina allen 's husband kevin shot her and their two children at the restaurant .
she said you do n't have to look like a bodybuilder or ` the hulk '
family statement reads ` she has had to go to heaven like all angels ' .
but the wrong year of birth meant she never tracked him down .
 michael sean stanley last seen october 1 .
 stacey withers got clip of madagascar 3 for joel , who had an ear infection .
couple spent # 500,000 equipping the professional-spec music hall .
venue hosts five performances a year to raise money for charities .
 cruel conman claimed he had been cured of the intolerable condition .
trafford , southend-on-sea and torbay also in the top ten .'
 new york writer stephanie smith blogs at 300sandwiches .
says working with boyfriend ryan gosling was ` incredible '
 lee ann yanni , 31 , was standing 10 feet from the finish line on april 15 when shrapnel broke her leg and shredded her muscles .
 alberto vilar , 73 , was found guilty of stealing $ 22million from his clients .
but if weather clears up , passengers could claim if there are knock-on delays .
 benjamin heale was jailed for 12 months after being caught at a tesco .
 stephen lonegan aide rick shaftan 's unhinged rant cost him his job .
 government departments admitting losing 9 security passes every day .
hutin , 27 , claims martina hingis and mother melanie molitor attacked him .
 archbishop of birmingham says government ca n't see ` full consequences ' .
 teenagers naomi smallwood , 16 , sophie hands , 15 , and jenny mitchell , 14 , have not been seen since the early hours of friday morning .
police appealing for information about girls from alcester , warwickshire .
 the troubled former footballer was wandering the streets of bournemouth .
new theory not popular among ripper experts .
attorney general pam bondi asked gov.
research found queuing , apologising and talking about the weather are the most english traits .
armstrong lived in the house in queens , new york , between 1943 and 1971 .
set to go on sale just before halloween .
police found books like ` secrets of the ninja ' with passages highlighted .
he was brought to new york via a warship .
 zhang zefang 's children ordered to care for her emotionally and financially .
 marvin .
doctors said the chances of them having quintuplets was one in 2 million .
 duke and duchess of cambridge plan to break with tradition .
 abigail hernandez , 15 , disappeared last wednesday in conway , new hampshire .
original co-creator peter firmin to be executive producer on new series .
 the bear at the animal ark wildlife sanctuary in reno , nevada , can swing the ball around the pole for up to three minutes at a time .'
he has cysts at the back of both eyes that threatened to get bigger .
 austin devan hill , 23 , was charged with aggravated battery after he punched two men in the head and hit a female worker with a plastic pipe .'
the pb&j and bologna sandwiches do n't exactly jibe with michelle obama 's health initiative .
ms waugh 's brother said she told him she was friends with gaddafi .
 jane yeadon was a district nurse and midwife in the sixties .
the couple face child cruelty and indecent assault charges .
he had to have a back paw amputated because it had become infected .
 sir derek said lines should be delivered naturally in the way a character ` thinks , feels and speaks ' .
 sources claim internet service is in talks with cable companies .
 john clinton claims partner paula was ` pushing and goading ' him .
dugdale is banned from driving for 18 months and fined # 1,450 .
solicitor is a partner at a liverpool law firm who fight traffic cases .'
he is reportedly the ex-husband of ms gilson 's niece julia .
the remains could help confirm amesbury in wiltshire as the oldest continuous settlement in the uk and explain why stonehenge was created .
troopers responded to the wreckage and found them hand-in-hand .
freda , now widowed , was unable to have children with her husband ron .'
campaigners calling on saudi women to get behind the wheel on october 26 .'
new seats generally have less padding and rows are an inch closer .'
this equates to 33 teaspoons of sugar a day and # 120 a month .'
 customers were baffled by the signs which are written in welsh and english .
he captured the nation 's hearts in aftermath of horrific attack .
now the royal veterinary college will immortalise the brave steed .
-lrb- ctfs -rrb- .
ward , a paranoid schizophrenic , told doctors at high-security ashworth hospital that voices in his head ` wanted him to kill everyone ' .
most concerns raised by patients and their family members .
prisons minister jeremy wright insists violence taken ` seriously ' .
supreme court rules unanimously against appeal to vote behind bars .
investigators found an almost fully intact human skeleton only blocks from ms adkins ' former home .
says his brain ` just is n't good enough ' and finds it harder to think .
father is a well-known businessman on the channel island of sark .
 michael fallon condemned price hikes by energy giant sse .
gang was behind the murder .
the former scots guard has played since he was ten years old .
 alison patterson has flown to doha after daughter lauren was murdered .
 private christopher kershaw , 19 , took the place of a colleague .
 cute sticker movement takes off around the world .
by 1990 , there had been 90,000 births resulting from fertility treatment .
in 2000 , the figure stood at an estimated 900,000 and in 2007 , at 2.5 million .
over its ingredients .
 cabinet office minister refused to use encrypted government computers .
mr johnson again upstaged george osborne who is also in china .'
were repeatedly told no ambulances were available due to shortages .
ashworth vowed to end life of crime on bbc 's the one show .
lord sugar is now suing miss english to recover his legal bill .
he laid the ornamental stone border to improve the grave 's appearance .
 the man , named only as zhang , had to be rescued by firefighters .
 bbc host says ` you ca n't fight stereotypes ' .
cruz has been arrested for reckless endangerment and reckless driving .
gates founded microsoft 38 years ago , but stepped down as ceo in 2000 .
 maha al musa , from new south wales , australia breastfeeds her 5-year-old .
the commode was found in a catalog for a sotheby 's auction after meyers allegedly sold it to an art dealer in london .
 michael katz fell 35ft with his daughters at the sugarloaf resort , in maine .
 danny smith , 51 , was told he should not dial 911 for non-emergencies .
collins , a neighbor who was 13 at the time , is now 28 and faces up to life in prison .'
recent tests found the 2g model performs better than new handsets .
she was a 31-year-old housewife more interested in seeing the president 's glamorous wife jackie .
 climbing trees and making sock puppets still a hit with youngsters .
 caroline wilcock collected the deadly material to make ` snowballs ' with other children .
the family was found dead wednesday but may have been dead since saturday .'
four other children , including a baby , believed to have been in the house .
 dean higgins , 60 , rescued wife after avalanche on tuesday .
 juan cabandie tried to get out of fine for driving uninsured in buenos aires .
teignbridge council in devon had one complaint about stickers .
miss morgan has now spoken out after christine morgan was convicted .
 teenagers have not returned to school since the incident on october 10 .
mobile phone footage showed her punching the dementia sufferer to ground .
police had been trying to arrest attempted murder suspect aaron dumas .
he was jailed for four months for absconding from the open prison .
residents ' cats have died or fallen so ill they have had to be put down .
moore said he was sick after the incident and vomited all night .
 yasmin was rushed to hospital and treated for suspected broken neck .
nasa 's website is not available due to a lack of government funding .
the photos on the european space agency -lrb- esa -rrb- are comparable to nasa 's famous astronomy picture of the day .
 disgraced former minister appeared on the sunday politics programme .
at the time of the women 's disappearance , acevedo lived on the same block as ariel castro .
the couple , from upton , near norwich , have been married 72 years .
video conferencing could stop elderly people becoming lonely .
pte james died from a single bullet wound to her head in 1995 .
 adam pitt has been turned down by companies for being ` over qualified ' or ` under-experienced ' .
 barbara sinatra , now 85 , was married to the singer when mia farrow conceived ronan - who she said might be frank sinatra 's son .
her home was raided after the book 's publication date was released .
he is reported to have been seen near the flat where madeleine vanished .
the actor is expected to return to coronation street in february .
 # 91 spanx shapewear jeans set to be unveiled this autumn .
he claimed the mouse had destroyed his weekly wage of around # 35 .
` he was ill for some .
the journeyman electrician with five prior drunken driving arrests will be sentenced in king county superior court next month .'
 former investment banker lord freud : welfare system is too complicated .
capture a mother deer and her four-month-old calf playing .
 gestures originated in naples are now internationally recognised .
voters most fear a lib-lab coalition between miliband and clegg .
 megan stammers , 15 , and jeremy forrest , 30 , went to france last week .
doctors say it missed his heart by just two-and-a-half inches .
 two women found at block of flats in phoenix boulevard , york , last night .
 mr scheimer 's studio was founded in 1962 with a loan from his mother .
police arrested her attacker but decided not to press charges .
lincolnshire police said the punishment was proportionate to the offence .'
holden claims she 'd heard rumours of savile 's abuse when she was 19 .
sakhpal met her saturday and tried to rekindle the relationship , police said .
one neighbour said he threatened her and her children with a knife .
 greater manchester police shame revellers spotted relieving themselves .
four officers investigated by ipcc after death of one patient .
 official figures show 10,000 britons in germany claim unemployment benefits .
it apologised and said it will resolve the situation ` as quickly as possible '
he was arrested at the walmart store in islandia , long island , .'
muyi said he was ` counting down ' until miki turned 16 in a post on the model 's social networking site .
john hardy and carl ellis plan on turning their innovation into a business .'
but he managed to get it back by conning court officials .'
 three jersey calves were filmed being killed on the channel 4 programme featuring farmer jimmy doherty .
both teenagers have not been seen since last wednesday .'
 archaeologists believe the skeletons could be up to 2,000 years old and be related to one of the oldest genetic lineages of america .
britain 's rebate secured by margaret thatcher was protected .
it is thought to date back to 1400 and will be preserved for a museum .'
he visited former rebel bastion where he said he was ` confident of victory ' .
un investigators say both sides are guilty of war crimes .
this month camelot has doubled the price of a lotto ticket to # 2 .'
shocking images emerged of their bodies being covered with sheets .
 the 56-year-old said : ' i love this country but i 've had enough ' .
metra is investigating what caused the collision which shut down the line .
opponent of reform blasts sting and branson for ` meddling ' .
 nicole chapman , head of leading girls ' grammar school , says some families treat daughters as if they ` can do no wrong ' .
 orien hamilton died after being taken to hospital with severe head injuries .
their colourful works include a giant pigeon , squirrel , and snarling fox .'
couple have four boys , lewis and kyle , 14 , and finn and jude , 12 .
university of washington study looked at 1,000 ` real-time ' pedestrians .
 mark anders chalin pleads guilty to criminal vehicular homicide after veering into oncoming traffic .
ms sanfino says she took off top in protest at offensive questioning .
 the uss miami sustained $ 450 million in damages after casey james fury , a shipyard worker , set the may 2012 blaze .
the battery-powered clap-off bra is fitted with an electromagnet .
when a person claps , magnet acts as a switch to release the bra 's clasp .
 robert halfon feels viewers should have more say in corporation .
latest shirts will only stay current for the next 12 games .
 facebook banned decapitation videos in may due to psychological damage .
 unarmed man was watched by troopers on cctv as he drove up the steps .
they confronted him as he tried to enter a ceremonial court room .
` street safe food ' zones to be introduced to encourage better practices .
but mp frank field says doctors have a duty to taxpayers to save money .
mother of two feels she has been branded ' a troublemaker '
 hayley o'shea , 39 from bournemouth , dorset , was preparing a pasta bake .
her children maisie , seven , and amelia , five , are now refusing to eat pasta .
he is accused of restraining connor shirangi , five , fracturing his arm .
after she quit , nursery owner neil todd sent her ` intimidating letters ' .
stray cat got in through cat flap and attacked the 26-year-old .
shares sold by government at # 3.30 leapt to # 5 after just a week .
the nurse denies this was racist .
annan is also accused of providing crucial security details for accounts .
on tuesday , craig wright was arraigned for allegedly stomping on lien .'
group of five men snuck onto the film set of the thomas hardy adaptation .
but an image from the hubble telescope has confirmed the nucleus of the comet is intact and the icy body is on course .
man , 39 , and woman , 40 , arrested and charged with abducting a minor .
said radiation also caused her to have three miscarriages after marriage .
the enfield artist is currently reworking botticelli 's birth of venus .
one direction and harry potter actors topped list .
deployed , but 50mph winds forced water-bombing helicopters to .
she was pulled from the water and resuscitated but suffered brain damage .
15-year-old turned down the offer and said hollande has ` no heart '
jeremy green , 25 , charged with murder and attempted murder .
 oecd increases prediction of growth from 0.8 % to 1.5 % for 2013 .
she said her family ` lost everything apart from this brooch '
of the plants are watered and fertilised using a hydroponic system .
 a yale study found the link between taxes and alcohol consumption .
seagull poo only needs about 12 hours before damage becomes irreversible .
mr milberg allegedly admitted to biting her arm .
 jany , an explosives detector , sits calmly in her body harness before a jump .
clarence .
 five guards were killed in the blast and gun fight early this morning .
 battle of wills between george osborne and ed davey sees cap on carbon emissions dropped .
 jpmorgan chase & co ceo jamie dimon testifying today over company 's multi-billion trading loss .
also will not charge zimmerman with theft after shellie 's mother .
 comedian , 59 , faced claims he had sexually assaulted 10 women .
she was found with murat can ertani , 22 , today in a turkish town .
do you love him ? '
 maria pantazopoulos , 30 , died after posing for pictures on friday .
was taking part in ` trash the dress ' ritual where brides pose for pictures while destroying their wedding gowns .  '
 commons speaker john bercow grants urgent question .
faces military detention and being thrown out of the forces .'
posted the image on facebook but was reported by animal charity .
was charged on wednesday in california with human trafficking for allegedly holding a domestic worker against her will .
embattled tokyo electric struggling to clean-up the troubled nuclear plant .'
 samantha lewthwaite is dubbed the world 's most wanted woman .
 40-year-old dita models her own von follies label .
video shows coca cola transformed into clear , colourless liquid .'
 roseanna langley had a six-week-long affair with the 16-year-old pupil .
 just 600,000 more viewers are needed to snatch the cable tv record .
it derailed onto its side in train station at about 3.15 pm gmt yesterday .
greff 's parents believed to be asleep as the horrifying incident took place .
 bmw i3 ` super-mini ' launched officially in london , new york and beijing .
 wrote letter to danny montgomery who he viewed as a ` rookie ripe for ragging '
 nick clegg 's party wants everyone to drive low carbon cars within 30 years .
 louann giambattista , 55 , was accused of smuggling pet rats onto an american airlines flight last year .
campaign pioneered by feminist writer caitlin moran .
 emma smith was attacked while walking her dog in st martin on the lizard .
 helen gillespie has spent most of the .
 russell brand , 38 , left obscene messages on andrew sachs ' machine .
 sammy the seal has stopped by the docks for 10 years to be fed salmon .
children in the south east have the least tooth decay while those in the north west have the most .
 kim says negative comments made her avoid the limelight when pregnant .
kardashians ' collection for lipsy hits stores on thursday .
comes after ryanair voted worst for customer service out of 100 firms .'
 dunham is writing a comedy series for hbo based on halbreich 's life .
 # 84.99 mighty purse sold on firebox.com .
police arrested cruz after spotting him in a fight on the sidewalk .
 new mother opens make-up bag to mailonline .
 george will wear replica of gown created by seamstress janet sutherland .
seamstress designed dress to resemble queen victoria 's wedding gown .
comes as starbucks and caffe nero are hammered for dodging tax .
father john frew sr shot josephine in the head before realizing it was his own daughter .
is accused of selling their virginities when they turned 12 years old .
lewthwaite spent most of her early life in aylesbury , buckinghamshire .
 new device - called a thermoelectric converter - has been created by fujifilm .
court heard he threatened to kill her before burning his house down .
the vehicle was seen on a surveillance camera , which police are looking at .'
 the metal pucks will cool down drinks without watering them down .
staff who investigate hospitals for abuse were ` overwhelmed ' by work .
her mother denise says she is ` appalled ' at her daughter 's treatment .
family say she was answering her iphone 5 at home while it was charging .
told jury she no idea of alleged plot to kill her until police told her .
the 33-year-old had been playing basketball in brooklyn , new york .
 murray seen spending time with his 10-year-old cousins .
ride operator timothy dwayne tutterrow , 46 , charged with felony assault .'
mother gave her child six doses of the methadone before realising mix-up .
her clothing line will be sold in river island alongside rihanna 's , as well as on very.co.uk and asos .
 ricky tucker , 20 , was racing to detroit hospital when he crashed into suv .
brenda , 21 , who suffered from depression , had just shot herself in chest .
mr balbuena had gone to buy an advertised $ 300 samsung mobile phone .
the family of the 10-year-old are now suing both the mta and bus driver .
the designs are part of a federal funded contest in the wake of superstorm sandy .'
the six-year-old did not know the gun was loaded , fired it by accident .'
as well as metal tracks has tubular steel frame for rollover protection .
accepting the payment will not keep the survivors from suing the company for more money in the future .
mr knapp 's wife lisa and three children are waiting to fly his body back to dundee .
report by bundesbank has sparked fear of property bubble .
they say prices of flats and apartments in major cities are ` difficult to justify '
 cleavage ` facials ' are available .
lg will launch g flex in korea in november , and other countries ` thereafter '
 thomas burnoski will be charged with manslaughter and hit-and-run felonies .
 dolce & gabbana have shut shops in milan to protest public criticism .
 darrell issa is worth an estimated $ 355.4 million thanks to his viper car alarm company .
 lebanese-made lykanhypersport is to be unveiled at the qatar motor show .
her work is a one-off as street art in san francisco changes or is destroyed .'
 myrta merlino claims assault occurred during hotel room interview .
pc damian gibson , from west midlands police : ` he had complete disregard for his own safety as well as the welfare of his friends '
went on a four-week crime spree , stealing from shops in two counties .
 bespoke clubs found in knightsbridge golf school during refurbishment .
the 42-year-old is britain 's only official professional lego builder .
 anna wintour , miranda kerr and kate upton donned tweed in paris today .
woman , 56 , and man , 31 , arrested on suspicion of perjury after re-appeal .'
independence report from westminster warns of ` diminished security ' .
extreme sportsmen taking on the waves off the coast of tahiti in french polynesia .
kent claimed she and nottingham forest striker had recently met for sex .
is invited to buckingham palace for commonwealth education meeting .
 wristwatch could communicate with user 's iphone via bluetooth .
she allegedly wanted the student ` roughed up ' for swearing at her .
she had been binge drinking the night before at the dorm and a local bar .
friends and cab driver say she did not appear drunk .
google plus , twitter and wikipedia all mroe popular .
 the giant boulder fell on matterhorn golf club in taesch , switzerland .
 canadian girl rehtaeh parsons , 17 , hanged herself in april .
they will be sold as a single artwork , expected to fetch $ 700,000 .'
 towie trio posed in onesies and pudsey t-shirts for children in need .'
 colombian guerillas have released former u.s. marine kevin scott sutay .
 louise and martine fokkens , both 70 , began their careers in prostitution in their early 20s .
10pm .
many could not claim some or all back on travel insurance .
three adults and two children died - age of sixth person is still unclear .
 the photos are the work of dublin photographer mark nixon .
 mark kandel was a director with the scranton school district .
thousands of jubilant fans spilled onto the streets of miami to celebrate .
three customers reported finding the shards of glass in the mushroom mezzaluna ravioli meals .
david cameron demands that scotland yard investigates the damaging claim .
 clip .
belton was set upon in the parking lot of the eagles lodge in spokane , washington on wednesday night .
 natalie williams , from darlington , preyed on the 14-year-old boy .
 pieter oberholzer , who taught at a pretoria school , said he was ` naive ' .
her daughter 's fiance filmed the strange blinking lights on saturday night .
hallmark said today : ` when the lyrics to deck the halls .
it is the latest in a succession of rescue plans to collapse .
pistorius tried to save reeva with kiss of life after shooting .
passenger tracked his vehicle after he was told it would be kept ` securely '
` i 'm going to feel really paranoid about my straighteners now ' says teen .
 ten per cent of criminals at hmp canterbury set free .
the newcastle united fan has now been jailed for 12 months .
she has a subdural hematoma on her brain from an earlier head injury .'
carter is only the fifth to receive the medal during the iraq-afghanistan war .
 more are feared to be trapped inside the rubble in the hyderabad hotel .
uk business leaders warn ` burdensome ' eu rules are holding back trade .
 odd display of objects at littledean jail in cinderford , gloucestershire .
farm worker thomas hanmer checked her pulse and breathing after fall .
watchdog the national audit office claims that ` food fraud ' is rife .
some workers would spend up to six hours on sex sites .'
the boy 's hand was too badly damaged for surgeon 's to reattach .
coroner has recorded a verdict of accidental death for both girls .'
surgeon asim shahmalak says he will need ` fairly large ' medical procedure .
embarrassing bodies doctor says time is of the essence .
english whisky is a growing industry since bottling began again in 2006 .
30 police officers , some armed with tasers , surrounded the building .
 peter humphrey and yingzeng yu 's ` confession ' broadcast on chinese tv .
she was suffering from stomach bleeding after swallowing the lithium battery .
barbara sinatra , now 85 , was married to the singer when mia farrow conceived ronan - and has dismissed the claims as ` phony '
uk and other donors pledged # 84m in aid for somalia on the trip .'
 the australian airline said 36 small cracks pose no threat to safety .
pair , both from essex , spotted it outside teenager 's aunt 's home .
two more animals killed after being hit by cars driving along road .
 david kugel said he provided outdated trades for madoff employees .
 scrooser can zoom through the streets at 2mph to 15mph .
one battery charge , which takes three hours , can last around 25 days .
 marina chapman claims she was raised by capuchins in colombia .'
it features a bed that monitors your health and self-cleaning mattresses .
now size 18 and has landed high-profile jobs as plus-size model .
aardman 's peter lord : ' a great influence to my generation of animators '
had been due to catch a flight to malaga from manchester airport .
 the letters were intercepted at a mail screening centre and the powder was found to be non-hazardous .
fears his pergamon publishing empire was subsidised by the soviets .
president obama remains in northern ireland at the g8 summit .
a fifth admitted flirting at work , according to a survey .'
they arrived back in france this week after four years .'
 boys face child pornography charges for sharing naked photos .
he said rise of eurosceptics is ` most dangerous phenomenon ' facing eu .
 a total of 23 villages in the harsh krasnoyarsk region are men-only .
the shop in corwen , denbighshire , supplies produce to some of the best restaurants in the world .
among the 130 items were 11 ottomans costing over # 20,000 , a dining room table priced at almost # 10,000 and a rug worth just under # 11,000 .
the chances of triplets being born identical is 200million to one .'
maddy 's owners are training rosie at their home in the berwyn mountains .
 new ` water ganache ' chocolate contains only 20 calories per bar .
he was charged with driving while banned and appeared in court yesterday .
gove aides insist he was really calling president assad a national socialist .'
 godfrey bloom confused why ` bongo bongo land ' might be seen as racist .
it is expected to garner a seven-figure sum at auction in november .
` nymphas show bar ' said to once have been an underwater restaurant .
 dianne woodford , from beverley , was struck down with bacterial meningitis .
 el sayyid a. nosair convicted of involvement in 1993 attack on twin towers .
ms harnish died at the scene , ms boice died later at a local hospital .
she had tissue taken from her non-cancerous ovary and had it frozen .
he was arrested for obstruction while test driving the car in georgia .'
comes as zimbabwe president robert mugabe pays tribute to kim jong il .
` i 'm not like ian huntley , i 'm not a nonce , ' he told belmarsh prison officer .
thousands of current apple accessories will need an adapter to work with the ` iphone 5 ' - or become unusable .
i can kill someone with this ring , ' putin joked , claims kraft .
 footage shows women punched , kicked and knocked to the floor by men .
officials were warned by the girl 's father of mr salas ' violent history .
 unnamed man is believed to have gone overboard on ferry .
 toby philpott was part of team which worked legendary character in film .
she is one of a handful of elephants trained to paint for tourists .'
william hague insists britain will never negotiate gibraltar sovereignty .
buried with full military honours in union flag-draped coffin with medal .
but protection officer pointed out to warden that it was a royal car .
cyber attack ` was so big it slowed the internet with spam messages ' .
it was believed to be generated by an international organised crime gang .
 pupil numbers at st rose 's in stroud have dropped to just 35 at a time .
the 22-year-old appeared distraught as news broke of the incident .
author ernest hemingway gave worldwide publicity to the event after writing about it in ` the sun also rises '
whilst in jail they plotted to kill stephen 's mother too .
ms kelly did not have $ 10,000 and took mojo home .
arin has had cross-sex hormone therapy and is considering genital surgery .'
married fiance andy , 48 , who had proposed 12 years earlier .
katie went from 19st to 11st 7lbs .
 frank castillo 's body pulled from water a day after he went for swim .
 leffler 's car flipped during a heat-race event .
inquest hears he was reported missing just the day before his death .
college .
 melanie and ian bruce of south shields nickname cat ` tutan-cat-mun ' .
stored in national archives they can now be read publicly for the first time .
 range of commemorative coins revealed today in honour of prince george .
on tuesday , craig wright was arraigned for allegedly stomping on lien .
 wojciech braszczok , 32 , faced gang assault , assault and criminal mischief charges in court today .
and she claimed her son , 13 , needed a liver transplant - and he had already had his gallbladder removed .
halliburton has agreed to pay the maximum fine , be on probation for .
investigation , with help of the fbi , has ruled out terrorism .'
 the missouri woman , who 's name is .
no evidence links 29-year-old to scene of killing in missouri .'
she only learned of his death 5 days later when her daughter found a news article online saying he had been killed .
association of chief police officers said enough talent in british forces .'
 kenneth price was gored by a deer last wednesday .
 rhiannon jones , 27 , said thieves targeted her after putting titch up for sale .
 ancient scroll shows women playing chuinwan , which is similar to golf .
a colleague waited in the vehicle outside during the 40-minute tryst .
she has remained secretive about her son , who she dubbed ` little peanut '
this extremely rare phenomenon is known as ` twiblings ' .
 pet clung to the roof for 12 miles on the a46 and m1 in leicestershire .
but 70 per cent of women also do the lion 's share of chores .
employees were taken to jinnah hospital and said they were possessed .
 love olatunjiojo is seeking compensation after ` false arrest ' .
 expectant mother zara phillips is due to give birth in the new year .
 deputy pm insists son 's education is not ` political football ' .
alice walton is now asking that the charges be erased from her record .
has been on the run since last week after absconding from hmp hewell .
 richard landry has designed houses for an abundance of .
moved from south wales to get away from the people he had hurt .
crowd initially cheered believing it was a stunt before people rushed to help .
ed miliband says he should spend more time concentrating on economy .
sir edward garnier , former solicitor general , called for rspca cases to be taken over by the crown prosecution service .
 two crew members parked ambulance in disabled bay in edinburgh .
they shot the firework into stockport shop which then exploded .
 two indian nationals arrested at alleged sham wedding in swindon .
 anxiang du is accused of killing jifeng ding , ge chui and their daughters .
tories promise to deport criminals before they can launch an appeal .'
 james horan , 28 , was disqualified and uninsured at the time of the crash .
 unite compiled a dossier into labour 's unpublished report into voter fraud .
the pair moved to barcelona to cover the spanish civil war in 1936 .
the technology will do away with dashboard dials , buttons and levers .
 revolutionary design aims to heat the person not the building .
landmark case comes after news of the world published material in 2008 .
his distinctive work , often made of steel , has been shown around the world .
 adam afriyie , the multi-millionaire mp for windsor , has said he supports david cameron ` for now ' .
the naked and distressed prisoner repeatedly screams ` somebody help me ' as he is sprayed repeatedly in under 30 minutes .
 iowa boy has congenital insensitivity to pain with anhidrosis .
mcdonald 's chef jessica foust handily beat her competition .
tesco has brought out hudl , costing # 119 , and argos mytablet , at # 100 .
it has now emerged that he was facing 20 charges for breaching terrorism prevention and investigation measures .
 brandon t. jackson claims a flight attendant ` called me the n-word ' during a flight from new york to phoenix on monday night .
only the second found featuring emperor proculus , it could fetch # 80,000 .
 van was being parked by officers in newcastle city centre at noon today .
 slade dill contracted the bacteria after cutting his knee at school in idaho .
family had string of hits together in early 1970 's .
the miners are locked in legal battle claiming they were tricked out of royalties .
western called jane got a gun .
 the cardboard cars have been put up in ningbo , zhejiang province .
the cavalry officer began a five-year affair with diana in 1986 .'
argos said they have not received any other complaints about the toy .
 robert gerrard , 50 , wanted in connection with major international cartel .
 lance-corporal janos victor lutz died on january 12 in davie , florida .
an online petition urging kraft to remove artificial colours from their mac and cheese gathered over 348,000 signatures .
 second annual sheep street racing held in scotland .
spectators lined the streets of moffat to watch the races .
its residents so far are a family of four elephants .
 adult actress 's page linked to blog .
 michael manos , 49 , was arrested in new orleans wednesday .
and density .
officers continue to top up diesel cars with petrol and vice versa .
croatian computer programmer compiled mosaic from colour filter images .
 he was seen at porthleven , cornwall on monday during st jude 's storm .
photographer elijah solomon set off to find out the truth .
the mummies of the three children were discovered in 1999 in argentina .
it also has a renovated windmill .
operator .'
also had ` creamy , yellow ' secretions on the hairs , which stained his clothes .
attorney general said 15-month sentence did not reflect hall 's crimes .
 nasa plans to launch a 3-d printer to the international space station .
dog , nicknamed wufra , was lost on buckden pike in yorkshire dales .
the hospital is working with the city 's health department to ensure all patients receive testing and treatment .
 mellie stanley , 24 , from martinsburg , west virginia is seen in the newest series of tlc 's gypsy sisters as she goes into labor .
 harry sperl , 57 , has been adding to his ` burgerbilia ' collection for 23 years .
the enthusiast has a custom-made cheeseburger bed and burger phone .
 gregor poynton , a candidate for the seat , has laid blame with miliband ally .
jack , 10 , and sophie , eight , were severely injured in smash .
now he is alleged to have hired former balmain boss christophe decarnin .
boosted her confidence even more with a # 575 boudoir shoot .
 danny wake died after he wandered into the road in darlington on monday .
 model celebrates one year designing lingerie range for m&s .
 women will now be given a new leaflet explaining drawbacks .
store .
nationwide roll-out is set to begin next month .'
has miracle baby with partner she met during chemotherapy .
 gerald mistretta was a victor in wage dispute with city .
 four-hundred gather for march to raf waddington in lincolnshire .
 inmates at arisvaldo de campos pires penitentiary have been taught to knit and crochet .
` we routinely put in 10-11 hour -lrb- work days -rrb- ' , says swift .
men were arrested and now face charges for abducting serge .'
miss watson has two children with daniel tonge , 28 , who is ` distraught '
 hundreds of residents reported seeing the flash on wednesday at 8pm .
associated with the south taurids meteor shower which is particularly active now until mid-november .'
court heard howell ordered a maintenance log to be doctored after fall .'
huston-tillotson student barrie was biology student and decorated athlete .
pietz , 36 , was convicted of second-degree murder on october 15 , 2013 .
three-tonne whale mica outsmarted by slippery sea lion .
 karen straughair , 50 , handed # 605,000 when her trust was wound up .
but it appeared on ebay after it was found in a house clearance in york .
 halliburton canada vp john gorman drank the fluid at an event in montreal .
 the former us secretary of state was reportedly paid $ 200,000 per speech for the investment banking firm .
it was abandoned in 1680 during the peublo indian revolution and never found again .
the 43-year-old has revealed she could not bear to let loved ones in britain find out she may face the firing squad .
he was sentenced to 10 years jail by the supreme court in tokyo .
care inspectors discovered ` quiet room ' at veilstone care home .
 susan patricia edwards , 55 , and husband christopher john .
rodriguez was the last person to see ortiz-rodriguez .'
carine patry hoskins was a member of the inquiry 's counsel team .
he was fired by ocean club restaurant in 2006 for stealing , it is claimed .
many brits have poor skills but think they are ` too good ' for manual work .
left russia yesterday .
they also visited india 's equivalent of the uk 's royal military academy sandhurst .
 sven-goran eriksson , 65 , tells how he was busted by woman 's husband .
grabbed a pair of basketball shoes seven sizes too big for him in stairwell .
 london mayor says tories must relax about ukip 's ` pint and cigar ' appeal .
ukip leader nigel farage accuses tories of losing the argument .
brooke is reportedly pointing the finger at denise richards because it happened on her watch .
green stabbed derek boateng in the heart outside school on april 23 .
elephant had history of aggression , city spokesman says .'
the porker is 5ft 8in from snout to tail and has been forced to eat fruit .
her husband was released after the man she named admitted murder .'
almost 40 per cent of brits have been to the theatre in the last 12 months .
he met dalai lama last year , causing diplomatic tensions with beijing .
crash .
sasha 's support comes as doma is struck down in supreme court today .
 a new app developed for the raf museum will see german bombers take to the air again .
 camilla robson 's lap dance was a ` favour ' for a friend , according to mother .
 armed police surrounded noel middle school in northeast denver .
 tesla 's model s has double-digit market share in some california zip codes .
changes at heathrow , gatwick and stansted will be brought in from 2017 .
 british and greek police had worked for days using specialist equipment in search for missing ben .
more than 6m syrians forced out of homes with 2m leaving the country .
 rachel poole had a baby girl via caesarean section today .
comic has been slammed by critics who claim violent themes are ` sick '
physician martin macneill told him he killed his wife by drowning her .
is accused of killing his wife michele in april 2007 so he could .
 jack adcock died of pneumonia at leicester royal infirmary .
kim , cara and miranda unveiled look during paris fashion week .
she was put on dialysis while she waited for a donor kidney to be found .
she was rushed to hospital but died two hours later from a ruptured liver .
prices .
they have posted them online in a bid to be crowned ` rear of the year ' .
 24 million britons log on to facebook every day , while 33 million use the website at least once a month .
just minutes before her double mastectomy they danced around the operating theater to beyonc\xc3\xa9 's get me bodied .
 tim bowers spent his life outdoors and loved to hunt .
one mourner punched the driver five times through his open window .
surgeons built him a left ear using one of his ribs and skin grafts .
it followed years of arguments between the pair , a court heard .
 former model anna benson sentenced to 15 years probation and 90 days of psychiatric therapy .
` i 'm not happy about it at all ... she knows i 'm a pilot , ' he said .
 christian gerhartsreiter , 52 , told the la court he was innocent today .
 pastor steven furtick of the elevation megachurch in north carolina has built a $ 1.7 million home .
brooke could ` regain full custody of the boys by christmas if she does n't relapse ' , according to reports .
according to a neighbor , shootings such as these happen ` weekly '
former dj has been charged with a total of 32 .
judge advocate ruled that their names should now be made public .
claim he boasted he ` was n't scared of pirates ' .
martell warren , 22 , charged with murder and appeared at old bailey .'
but sir bob russell 's offer had no interest despite his 16 years as an mp .
now signed with top modelling agency impact models .
a vet recommended the unnamed pet , which had infections , be put down .
 john .
 abigail pollard died at the same spot as her older brother dean .
the chase began after the truck was reported stolen by the teen 's father , who wanted to teach him a lesson .
 around 1kg of high-purity cocaine found in a kitchen .
 kathy thompson was eating iceland ready meal when she found worm .
 20-year-old arrested for deadly attack in colombia club .
data gathered from 20,000 enthusiasts over 20-year period .
it found ` strong evidence ' that ace inhibitors and renal failure are linked .
castillo 's cousin conrado juarez has been charged with her murder .
galenski and boys , four and nine , hurt in car crash in vermont on tuesday night .
unkindly '
 court overturns ruling saying child should live in california with miller .
lawyer claims use of pentobarbital to kill him could be ` excruciatingly painful ' .
now slimmed to 10st and has reached the final of model competition .
this is despite the number of iphone and android users rising by 30m .
only 60 per cent with $ 5 million or more think they are wealthy .
 the brother of the former french prime minister is hosting a fundraiser for rep. joe kennedy of massachusetts .
 sheila fletcher was treating patients in hull while inebriated , hearing told .
the nursing and midwifery council have now struck fletcher off .'
 single mother sarah hoidahl , 21 , was waiting tables when two soldiers sat in her section .
ceremony in bali is known as ngerebong and is more than 100 years old .'
guests have complained about the stench , rusty fittings and the service .
the book attempts to show how dyslexics read words and view numbers .
gardiner fined # 475 after being convicted of threatening behaviour .
 royal was spotted at the restaurant chain in fulham broadway .
authorities in guangdong province , southwest china , defended the tactics .
 la and new york metropolitan areas will have service from november 17 .
iran denies its program is to be used for weapons .
a volunteer at the station 's call center fell on the floor in shot .
` forced fuel down son 's throat then dragged towards a flame on the stove ' .
sultan hamengkubuwono x 's fourth daughter has dated kph for 10 years .
has lived there with family since she bought the property for less than # 1m in 1999 and renovated it .
amateur photographer beti monaris , 27 , almost walked into the pair .'
 ronald phillips , 40 , was due to receive lethal injection on thursday in ohio .
 men had to be physically separated by another parent in heated argument .
 malorie blackman was sexually assaulted by three white men in a cinema .
hiscock had been drinking prior to crash in swindon , wiltshire .
the fish have returned in droves thanks to conservation efforts .
the girl who was found dead in her bed after eating her mother 's oxycodone pill , which is a strong painkiller .
school officials are meeting with trustees over the weekend to decide whether or not to give students a vaccination not yet approved in the united states .
he murdered bed-ridden margery gilbey , 88 , in sheltered accommodation .
 the 26th mangyongdae prize race marks the birthday of kim il sung .
bbc bosses hope to repeat bake off success with new programme .'
on friday , he used the diamond ring to propose to his girlfriend janie .
he was jailed for two years and eight months at preston crown court .
 panasonic 's 4k tablet has a 20-inch screen and weighs 5lbs .
 an unnamed .
her friend is in critical condition and the other driver is in serious condition .
 bowed to the royal following private audience with her and her husband .
 two-year-old ashton millard spotted man from his bedroom window .
 microsoft co-founder is once again richest man in u.s. with $ 72 billion .
 the first episode of david attenborough 's two-part documentary , rise of animals : triumph of the vertebrates , airs tonight at 9pm on bbc 2 .
mach can play at 1,184 bpm and has long cables coming out of its head .'
lyudmila trofimova told police when medics refused to admit mistake .
the condition causes their skin to thicken and crack .'
 idaho school coach laraine cook fired after a photo of her being groped by her fiance appeared on facebook .
 removal lorry goes up in flames while family were in the process of moving from glasgow to weymouth , dorset .
nbc connecticut meteorologist brad field concluded that the fog is not a ghost , rather it is a mini-tornado .
british foreign secretary condemned the ` provocative ' launch .
but her condition continued to deteriorate as cancer had spread to brain .
he has now set up charity to provide support for families affected by cancer .'
justices ruled 5-4 in favor of leaving the law as it is .'
both hirst and mcqueen are known for their fondness of the skull motif .'
ceredigion is facing a # 5million funding cut in the next tax year .
 paul flowers was given payment , despite the bank 's troubles .
according to locke 's friends , the couple were in the middle of a breakup .
the girl 's mother arranged several meetings with pianist .
 homemade contraptions with no motors battle it out in the soapbox race .
pleaded guilty to various charges and sent to prison for total of 33 months .
 lisa rennison , 40 , from peterborough weighed 12st and was size 18 .
boris johnson today called cyclists wearing headphones a ` scourge '
participants learn moves from latin and ballroom dances .
she is now applying to guinness to be officially awarded world record .'
created a full-size wolf mask for halloween this year with moving jaw .
somers , 30 , filed police report saying she was awakened by her father fondling her and and kissing her hand .
part of # 45m countrywide scheme to refurbish hundreds of historic waterways .
 south leeds academy advertised for the two post .
 roy harper faces nine charges of indecent assault and gross indecency .
 andrew mottershead , 40 , filed false claims for business expenses .
 police investigating after james fletcher was attacked on his birthday .
nine months on and she has given birth to 16 more at the farm in dorset .
 archie karas turned $ 50 into $ 40 million over a three-year streak .
legitimate concerns about safety .
knights and taylforth had two children together during their relationship .
 miss bussell , 44 , stepped out with her family in west london .
 the funds will be returned to the state 's education enhancement trust and florida lottery prize pool .
 jerral hancock was injured and badly burned in baghdad on 21st birthday .
 hip hop karaoke takes place every thursday in central london .
but whicker , who was born in cairo in 1921 , died of pneumonia aged 91 .
on monday woman claimed she was his daughter and said he was alive .'
 isla suffered a severe reaction after her sister gave her a kiss hours after drinking milk .
 anjali barma kidnapped by circus owner as a child because of her height .
now blesses dozens each day at her temple in indian holy city of haridwar .
pandas are being reared at bifengxia panda reserve in chengdu .'
says the much-loved dogs give her a reason to go on living .'
she drove the wrong way down the hard shoulder of a motorway for seven miles .
 kyron horman was seven when he disappeared in june 2010 .
kaine horman , his father , apologised for having an affair .
 vance mcallister won 60percent of the vote on saturday night for the vacant 5th district seat .
pictures of him .'
senior mps said it was obvious flowers was ` manifestly unsuitable ' for role .
his eyes and skin turned yellow as his liver failed .
the woman says he called it ` punishment therapy ' .
florida board of osteopathic medicine says allegations are so serious he might lose his license .
 stephen thackery , 57 , killed himself after wife told him marriage was over .
inquest hears denise thackery was fed up with his shooting and drinking .
cctv shows a fireball at the doorway of the mosque in gloucestershire .'
 old bailey heard gang could have earned up to # 4 million from the scam .
 colin bembridge , 61 , from grimsby , his partner maybelle , 35 , and their three-year-old daughter victoria were visiting relatives near tacloban .
princess anne had suggested it earlier this week at a conference .
 more than $ 10,000 raised in less than a week for ghanan teenager .
` raped by jayvon woolfork , 19 , while four others pinned her down ' .
mother emma , 24 , took him to tunisia with her parents on october 6 .
at liverpool crown court , brennan was sentenced to three years .
 hundreds of road signs across the country are riddled with bullet-holes .
 a bear in a yellow sports car stopped traffic today .
 alexis wright was released early from 10-month sentence after getting credit for good behavior .
 caroline kennedy was recently named the us ambassador to japan .
 mayors could be jailed if they refuse to perform ceremonies .
 charlotte sullivan , 40 , and partner matthew , 51 , married on aug 9 .
scots are also more likely to respond to charity email .
survey of 2,000 people in uk also found men and young most charitable .'
eventually confronted manager at local branch in charlotte , north carolina .
care quality commission said most were malnourished or had infections .
he said the ` c ** p ' was helping heat the homes of the poor and reduce bills .
britons .
 john-paul conley , 35 , disappeared while swimming laos .
 senior conservative cleared over claims he abused his position .
tim yeo has been reinstated as chairman of committee after ruling .'
each plays a different song to alert to different stages of cooking .
 maria miller hailed team saying they should make gibraltar proud .
 a fire ripped through an eighth-floor harlem apartment at 1am friday .
the tests retail for $ 99 but the fda has now ordered them to halt sales .
nearly 300,000 children from england have not been properly vaccinated .
earlier in the day , she met with the netherland 's princess laurentien .
instead the prankster sent along his identical twin brother dan .
huoi was on her way to the engagement party when she was attacked .
 shelter in east sussex was built during heyday of the cold war in 1958 .
 portsmouth city council to remove flower pots from pedestrianised zone .
 workers were threatened with disciplinary action for not speaking english .
tests showed no traces of victim meredith kercher 's dna on the knife .
 miriam clegg 's employer dechert llp is being challenged in the high court .
 television presenter is used as ` thinspiration ' for girls starving to lose weight .
harriet harman says it is ` understandable ' some are resentful about benefits .
if left untreated mr hollywood will lose sensation in his hands .
less than half said concerns where addressed when they did report them .
 nakitta morrison and holly davidson helped gang who stole over # 50,000 .
each girl received 16-month prison sentence suspended .'
seals launched the attack as the crew shot penguins for a documentary .
 jessica holmes was taken to a&e when her cold failed to improve .
cabinet sources say he will target migrants ' benefits in new deal .
 steve davison was enjoying breakfast with grandson when song blared out .
 david cameron wants to reduce bills by # 50 by reducing green levies .
 barry fitzearle , 30 , was reported to police by staff who thought he was acting suspiciously .
 chris and hayley rice bought the # 2.50 pre-made mash from sainsbury 's .
bullies joined hate group to taunt her on facebook .
 iain duncan smith said in letter that bbc was misleading viewers .
 cleveland chief jacqui cheer warns of intolerance towards youths .
ban was imposed after snatched photo of dr crippen 's murder trial in 1910 .
 ronald phillips was due to be executed on thursday but it has now been pushed back to july 2 .
he made a last-minute request to have his organs donated to relatives .
while formal identification not yet confirmed , it is thought to be dr kinston .'
 dr paula byrne said the portrait was ` unforgivable ' and ` airbrushed ' .
 chief palestinian investigator , tawfik tirawi , points finger at israel .
bbc has 70 % market share for news , squeezing out alternatives .
artists have now reconstructed the colourful ancient egyptian jewellery .
year .
 carlos ghosn said japanese company would ` reconsider ' its future in uk .
silentnight study also found quality of sleep is an issue for many of us .'
the truck struck and killed the boy , who was pronounced dead at the scene .
green , born peter laing , to get ` gender realignment surgery ' in england .
 simon belcher shot in the back during westgate shopping mall attack .
between them they have eight children , 21 grandchildren , 47 great-grandchildren , and six great-great grandchildren .
men sat through mass before following priest into his sacristy .
 four-year-old dog warns owner judy owen , 60 , of impending danger .
elaborate video has 36 dancers and 14 dance styles .
 willy absconded from his enclosure to explore the rest of the zoo .
 former manchester united manager 's my autobiography smashes all previous records .
 benny norris was injured by a tractor at family farm in whatley , somerset .
 martin rainey , 39 , and helen wild , 42 , were attacked as they walked home .
interim investor dividends to rise by inflation-busting 3.2 per cent .
now he has been jailed following knife attack on blackpool doorman .
she denied five counts of fraud but was found guilty by a majority verdict .
it is about 30-feet-deep .
 3,500-year-old limestone figure went missing when museum was looted .
 a video of deandre hopkin 's penis was posted on his account wednesday .
 leslie barrett was struck down with bell 's palsy in august .
the dog donates every six weeks but is now close to retirement age .
 hilda fairweather wandered out on a freezing january evening .
 health secretary close to striking deal for listings firm hotcourses .
 italian photographer francesco ridolfi spent nine months on the project .
paul hollywood will give him a run for his money with his pies and puds .
maidenform 's .
 the mysterious object was found by scott c. warin of ufo sightings daily .
almost half the total was generated while callers waste their time on hold .
red and orange-tinted photos received the fewest likes .
the threats resulted in a promotion and pay rise for the security worker .
the alerts have already been trialled in the u.s earlier this year .
they were used successfully during the capitol hill shooting last month .'
however as she bends over for a closer look she falls face-first .'
widow 's husband was leading civil servant ian bancroft .
he was found guilty of murder in 2001 but had his conviction quashed .
he was sentenced to 16 years in jail today after a two-year investigation .
it is claimed juarez confessed to sexually assaulting and smothering her .
refused to rule out joining other big firms who have announced 9 % rises .
police say they are treating the death as unexplained , but not suspicious .'
two more babies have become entangled in the monitors ' cords , though not fatally .
 philip dodd suffered a massive electric shock and died at the scene .
said it was his ` second-greatest humiliation ' but refused to name greatest .
 mohammed safdar , 41 , and tayyab subhani , 30 , ` have no case to answer ' .
 angelia hanson ` floored it ' after an argument with her girlfriend jody lane and did not realize the woman was behind her .
 james whitehouse , 30 , spent months gaining the trust of four women .
the 89-year-old served with distinction in the royal navy in wwii .
shaquille jones , 21 , was arrested in north charleston , south carolina and charged with murder .
we 're not trying to attack them personally , but we do believe they 're wrong , 's aid answers in genesis president ken ham .
 called a giphoscope , it turns gifs into 24 individual pictures .
these pictures are printed onto the machine in frame order .
 brian burnham , 54 , worked at skip-hire firm in gloucester for many years .
ms parr is living with 21-month-old daughter and her husband can not visit .'
unite says people ` were members in arrears ' and therefore allowed to vote .
had two kidneys and pancreas transplanted before falling pregnant .
titan said today they have dismissed all four men .'
 tv judge 's grandson got married on saturday .
 cree cantrell lost pet two years ago on his houseboat in biloxi , missouri .
before running to her father in tears .
but instead he changed his plea and did n't try and blame brian lucas .
promised to make the customer service standards ` exceptional ' .
pope francis was the most commonly used name online over the past year .
has broken four world records in the past year .
 katy isaac , 28 , has lost 12st 5lb and is now a slim size 8 .
headmistress porter says christmas will be ` allowed ' from december 1 .
 anti-terrorism proposals limit sale of chemicals used in home-made bombs .
rosko was broadcasting live from the minnesota rink when she fell .
 marie watton was told to expect a ` double figure ' sentence by a judge .
 9news anchor kyle clark is fed up with viewers who send in pictures of their snow-covered patios .
the display was organised by geoffrey counsell , 51 , of ashill in somerset .
 mark hawthorn , 49 , served three months for making bogus claims .
 fears that return to growth is too reliant on consumer spending .
but the plaintiff , known by her initials sas , said the ban was discriminatory .
 the peer claimed his ` market rights , sporting rights and rights to minerals ' .
local tory mp grant shapps : ` over my dead body will he dig up our homes '
 move comes after investor pulled out of plan to .
use a hairdryer or , with original u-form , pop them in the oven .
ferdaus ` would have had to hit a window or other vulnerable area to maximise damage '
 warning came 16 seconds prior to end of recording .
computer systems are being upgraded to accommodate longer names .
 figures suggest more will be spent online than on the high street .
tony bluml and his mother recently reconnected on facebook and he went to live with her two months ago .
 g-tech has sold the most cordless vacuums company in the uk this year .
are now launching a new design , the multi , which has 12 cleaning modes .
his family claim he never recovered from the ordeal and stopped eating .
they include boys and girls , in various stages of undress , with her in bed .
 houda rafle died on wednesday , just after filing lawsuit against a hospital .
she stole a patient 's wedding , engagement and eternity rings worth # 2,250 .
25-year-old found vomiting and shaking in california jail cell .
it will bring widespread snow through the rest of the weekend , frigid temps and gusty winds .
 the boy was reported missing in shanghai on sunday morning .
he had been gifted a 25 % stake in the estate by his grandfather in 1983 .
he and mrs cameron are great-grandchildren of sixth baronet of normanby .
now 10st and size 8 dress .'
mr clark intends to pass on his evidence to the home office .
ch insp frohwein , 48 , was reported missing on sunday , november 17 .
it appears the babies car seats were too big for the newborns and not properly restrained .'
mr barrick likely saved the life of his friend .'
trott 's exit came days after australian captain called him ` poor and weak ' .
the post office investigated the claims but they were later dismissed .'
staff and nearby residents have raised # 5,000 to top up his trust fund .
charged $ 3,500 after writing bad review of company online in violation of a non-disparagement clause in the terms and conditions .
 charlie trotter , 54 , was found dead in his chicago home on november 5 .
uwaydah .
his sister rehanna has left a touching tribute to her ` baby brother ' at scene .
the 44-year-old was released on bail after questioning by police .
they are made of animals stuffed by victorian eccentric walter potter .
 kristen forester , 18 , was pulled over in fort pierce on october 21 at around 3am .
private eye shows rebekah brooks in ` witch costume ' halloween spoof .
exclusive property sold for six times the value placed on it in 1999 .
nature .'
the cheetah has appears to have graffiti tags instead of spots .
it easily eclipsed the $ 119.9 million price of edvard munch 's the scream , achieved in may of last year at sotheby 's .
 gerry kelly , 60 , bombed the old bailey in 1973 and led the escape from hmp maze in 1983 .
 bus , operated by jabbar travels , was heading overnight from bangalore to hyderabad .
third man , daniel cressey , is accused of driving the other men to mosque .
public health england said facilities would be expensive to run .
american humane association blasted report as ` misleading '
corrupt fbi agents were said to have turned a blind eye to his crimes .
police are also seeking daryl wayne mayberry , 28 , .
 terry roberts took photographs to ` immortalise beauty of the north england countryside ' .
 armed robber paul macklin attended gordonstoun school in scotland .
 the graphic photograph has been circulating on social media websites .
 lucy adams suing national union of journalists over hacking allegations .
 ` mi amor !
mi amor ! '
homeowners have been told to lock their doors and leave the lights on .
 meat expert , tony mata , found the so-called vegas strip hiding in the fatty area of the cow that is normally used for chuck .
 holly says comfort is more important than style at christmas .
 27-year-old claims nearly 40 potential employers have turned her down .
 auto trader polled more than 3,000 british drivers .
four in five drivers say there are no charging points near them .
doctors have written a letter of complaint to the university .'
department for education say the decision should be left with schools .'
 walter kershaw harrassed catherine and marjorie mitchell for five years .
 utah 's stuart ronald clarke , 49 , cleared of indecent exposure yesterday .
the annual guy fawkes night party is said to be the biggest in the world .
 victim , 35 , had been surfing off beach near gracetown , west australia .
roy hull , 57 , says his engaged sister could not live with the shame .
working with jimmy savile victims ' lawyer , he has appealed for witnesses .
stunning photographs taken at lake abraham in canada by darwin wiggett .'
 farshad hashemzadeh first noticed the breast at the age of 18 .
he pulled the trapped driver , gerald ferrill , 61 , to safety and dragged him away from vehicle .
 new haven , connecticut rabbi , noah muroff , paid $ 200 for the wooden desk recently .
asked him to adjust the anaesthesia ' , source said .
 government department confirms mrsa found on farm .
it has also refused to name the farm or who it supplies .'
it rears up on its hind legs and hops about to the delight of shoppers .
 bijan ebrahimi wrongly accused of taking photographs of children .
pelvictoner can work muscles deeper than those worked by pelvic floor exercises .
rspca officers rushed to the scene after a farmer spotted a cow in trouble .
 annual competition review will examine if energy market is working .
it easily eclipsed the $ 119.9 million price of edvard munch 's the scream , achieved in may of last year at sotheby 's .
another player , josh gibson , 29 , tried to stop him .
shells thought to have been fired from a chieftain tank in the cold war .
 the most reverend justin welby said selection is ` not necessary ' .
many schools currently give preferences to families who attend church .
lemon torte , christmas pudding and christmas cake all seen in frame .
the grave site was discovered earlier this month as investigators searched for two missing police officers .
 deep fried corn potage will go on sale for a limited period from thursday .
the soup is so popular in japan it has even been made into a popsicle .
sign that reads ` homeless ' , though he has a bronx apartment .
speaks as she launches # 35 capsule make-up line for eyeko .
has worked with rihanna and says her posse were ` really rude ' .
 jodi arias was convicted in may of murdering her boyfriend .
 pnc wealth management calculates the cost of the 12 days of christmas items every year .
mays eventually got his seat back .'
 the daniel galvin jr salon offers express make-over for # 1,200 .
lib dems have held seat since 1992 with a majority of almost 12,000 .'
 mayam mahmoud tackling expectations about how women should behave .
 tiny creation weighs 2g , measures 4in across .
robot 's four wings ` squirt ' air allowing it to take flight .
designer leif ristroph said his simple design was ` sort of dumb '
 students were reported to be passing weapon around on the bus .
thieves watched her withdraw money and then followed her home .
 ben chaney , 20 , has worked at 99p stores in essex for six months .
 chris train , head of national grid , said electricity was a ` luxury ' .
 wayne kinvig , from burnley , lancashire , preyed on victims as old as 77 who donated money from their pensions to the 19-year-old .
has neurofibromatosis , which .
commentators accused her of being ` insulting ' and a ` fat shaming bully ' .
building will be tallest residential skyscraper in western europe .
pnd affects 10-15 per cent of new mothers but can be treated successfully .
 swedish-born hendric carlstrvm captured the image on his first ever dive .
 judith saunders bought her wedding ring when she married trevor unwin .
the pair , from near doncaster , groomed them online before meeting them .
graham bombarded child with text messages and took her to the zoo .
immediately , the stadium was likened to a woman 's private parts .
prior to the death of li ping cao , 42 , he complained about her lovemaking .
 the bird was pictured splashing about in corwen , north wales , yesterday morning .
the game was developed by tom and thomas white from suffolk .'
compares david cameron 's stance to 11th century king canute .
 judge said herve mika , 24 , should leave britain after a 2008 conviction .
 doctors aim to lower the rate by attempting fertility with just a single embryo .
assassin had been hired by his wife , susan , and son , michael .
 ryan harris set to play sixth successive test for australia .
 anonymous do-gooder tips4jesus has left a trail of ridiculously large tips at bars across the country since september .
like media , wider public will be banned from passing comment publicly .
owner , who wishes to remain anonymous , was about to throw case out .
 paul alton was jailed for 30 months for breaching uk gun laws .
 trainee pilot john merriman was 300ft over fields when engine cut out .
she suffered a lump on her head and bruises all the way down her leg .
mcgillis ' character ` charlie blackwood ' was modeled around her .
employment experts have given warnings over workers ' conditions .
relationship with special education student had been going for for weeks .
it then turned up in the garden farmer gareth williams 's mother-in-law .
named colditz by son of soldier who escaped ww ii nazi prison camp .
the rhug estate in north wales supplies turkeys to prince charles .
video of his impressive antics have gone viral on the internet .'
account has since been disabled but the hacker has never been identified .
his stash of illegal downloads took police more than a year to sort through .
the cyber-criminal of felpham , sussex , was jailed for 18 months yesterday .'
bbc says staff encouraged to use alternatives to travel where possible .
 thieves took the mat from carbon nightclub in galway .
they posted a jubilant photos on facebook of their theft as a trophy .
 the 21-year-old model is seen pirouetting around a dream teen bedroom .
the campaign is for online mall la boo which is aimed at teenagers .
 sarim chabb and her brother sarth in court over killing of 22-year-old .
site is based on wikileaks and is accessible to anyone .
townsend tweeted to say he was not offended and it was a needless fuss .
attempt .
he says he was the inspiration for the wire , a claim which creators of the television show deny .
one student brought a flamethrower he had built using a nail gun .
they were awarded points for style , behaviour and appearance .
their alleged attacker , heriberto viramontes , will go on trial this week .
a minority said that sometimes hitting a partner is acceptable .
 mark evans was hurled from his horse bonnie but escaped unharmed .
 millie thompson choked during her lunchtime feed at privately-run nursery .
there are fears ukrainians are coming to uk and working in black economy .
 the man fell from the eight floor of flats in the foleshill area of coventry .
but tribunal heard the bank instead cut his pay from # 533,000 to # 518,000 .
police arrested the salesman after he asked taxi driver to move remains .'
 some 12 per cent of imported spices contained ` filth ' while 7 per cent contained salmonella .
photographer winfried wisniewski was on hand to capture moment from a nearby boat .
 matt atkins , 46 , stood in roundabout in basildon , essex begging for work .
landscape firm that sponsors the roundabout spotted him and hired him .
he has spend more than 15 years renovating nalder hill house .
one resident even urges google to remove the street from the internet .
 anthawn .
 the tweet showed alison grimes ' face photo-shopped on to a mid-riff flashing picture of ` obama girl ' .
amber ` reverted to puppy-hood ' after six sessions with specialist .
she was behind prank call to london hospital posing as the queen .
the panel will have both lay experts and religious representatives .'
mother warns children and says social networks ' a free for all '
key ingredients are salmon , fruit and spring water .
the 45-year-old died alongside her disabled son beki ali , 16 .
 nick clegg posed for pictures in march alongside anti-betting campaigners .
he wants un security council to sign a resolution outlawing the deals .
hurdle , 52 , was given a 12 week sentence for the verbal assault .
 blind dorothy andrew , 75 , fell over and was forced to wait on the pavement .
mother had just strapped in her children , aged one and two , for play group .
 cassie payne , 26 , was 10st 7lb and size 12 when she met her ex .
 haluk murat demirel sells everything from lubricants to herbal aphrodisiacs .
george w bush also set to fly with his wife laura .
 dr mehmet oz pulled a woman from the scene of the crash in philadelphia on saturday - before the vehicle rolled backwards into a ravine .
 the prime minister bought 10 lamb cutlets from a cobb in aylesbury .
uninhabited for over .
he was released in 2012 before assaulting 18-year-old in february this year .
he has now been given suspended sentence and banned from seeing son .  '
i was so outraged that he tried to kill our baby , ' ms dean says now .
ed miliband making more emotional pitch on cost of living .
pc hudson being treated for serious injuries , but is expected to recover .
mr akhtar 's family have spoken of their ` insurmountable ' loss .
 wreath features gems totalling over 138 carats .
it drifted across australia before moving out over pacific ocean .'
bode and his wife were open about her miscarriage shortly into their .
 family friend : ` shocked but not surprised ' by murder suicide .
 callers to the rspca now being directed to the pets located website .
rigol said he was kicked out of family home and had nowhere else to sleep .'
oswald shot jfk as he waved from car in dallas on november 22 , 1963 .
double-sided sketch was drawn by the musician in 1964 .
 the incident happened on a flight between dallas , texas , and heathrow .
channels within the objects , used to make ritual offerings .
 donald gist jr was shot dead by arthur givens .
but its appearance is rather more modest than sex shops in the west .'
 former us olympic hurdler lolo jones bobsled team was one of several us teams to medal .
 burberry teams up with google to unveil virtual kiss technology .
 pink phones account for almost half of iphone 5c handsets sold .
leaked photos suggest apple is now gearing up to launch an ipad mini 2 .
 mep godfrey bloom poses with bongos in family christmas card .
574,955 uk motorists have three points for driving while on a phone .'
holley left behind his girlfriend sada washington , 23 , as she hung upside down from her seatbelt .
pm said there will not be a ` polish situation ' with bulgaria and romania .
 retailer has reported drops in sales ahead of busy christmas period .
but if scotland backs independence the ` national pricing ' will end .
children can choose what they do , when , and when they go to bed .
 mandy shepherd , from preston , lancashire , had mitochondrial disease .
will compete directly with apple 's siri service .
the 84-year-old was convicted of 13 counts of rape and benefit fraud .'
once paper is buried , seeds grow into vegetables such as broccoli .'
 the ` bubble building ' has been proposed for central shanghai by 3gatti .
 heather bartlett was a newly-qualified geography teacher .
the figure for the private sector increases 1.1 per cent to # 473 per week .
father kevin waited until her wedding day , five months after her death , before he looked at a picture of her in her dress .'
 joshua butler , 22 , jailed for four years for killing stuart blackwell , 40 .
the bfg and the very hungry caterpillar topped the under-five category .
home office says levels of crime are falling .
council said workers simply ` forgot just how big cars were ' .
growth forecast 2013 is now 1.4 % up from 0.6 % predicted in march .
 sangatte-style camp offers running water , heating and a sanitary block .
calais mayor natacha bouchart has spoken out to justify winter refuge .'
but family and friends clubbed together to pay for a new set of implants .'
 diana vitarelli runs yoga studios in philadelphia and new jersey with her husband , john .
an adapter to use type-c plugs , the design of which will be finalised in the middle of 2014 .
 cameron to invite 28 leaders next year for ` crucial summit ' .
 nicole hassall , 18 , racked up bill in just six hours calling 50p voting line .
police tracked down the robbers and found a phone with the pictures .
khatoon 's friend tina andrews was jailed for ten years for the offence .
25 , who was seven months pregnant , at her home in kidderminster , worcs .
 golden dawn members would ride in convoys of 50-60 motorbikes .
dress that margaret , duchess of argyll , wore to her 1933 wedding included .
labour 's ed balls says compensation leaves ` bad taste in the mouth '
 wright stuff host 's life was saved thanks to first aid .
 each house in zalipie , poland , is decorated with its own floral motif .
taken to safe house where they drew pictures saying ' i wan na go home ' .
 tony caulder , 51 , arrested after making trip to the store on october 19 in kennebunk , maine .'
daisy 's urban farm kitchen was able to reopen for dinner on saturday .
the incident occurred in ann arbor , michigan , in 1996 .
she had surgery to remove the growth as well as her spleen .
he was taken to hospital where he remains conscious and under guard .
but there was no sign of winnie mandela , 77 , his second wife of 38 years .'
the 22-year-old believes she would live for longer if more people were registered as donors .
 government statement said mandela 's health ` remains much the same ' .
inspectors ' report denounces islamic school as ` dysfunctional ' .
a real estate agent has confessed to the murder and is under arrest .'
 rebels and civilians pictured among the ruins of provincial capital raqqa .
 bugs have made their home at a cemetery in southend-on-sea , essex .
cait reilly took government to court after being told to work for free .'
number out of work rises by 15,000 to 2.52 million .'
the baby is now fighting for its life in hospital with third degree burns over most of its body .
it followed surveillance operation in middleton , greater manchester .'
 bbc panorama footage shows children and adults caked in ` napalm-like ' substance following attack in northern syria .
series of events at the museum will mark centenary of the scientists death .
miss reynolds fears being arrested and son put into children 's home .
 yahir vidal was traveling with his family in a ford mustang which was forced off the road by icy conditions .
 derrick estell , 33 , jumped through window after he had been on the phone .
police in hot springs , arkansas are now looking for him and driver .'
 ed miliband symbolically switched to smaller energy firm .
baby peter was tortured to death by her boyfriend and his brother .'
she snapped a picture of herself with a slow loris on bangla road and put it on instagram .
bosnian serb forces attempted to eliminate all non-serbs from the region .
 denis drew and wife joyce , both 86 , died after incident a fortnight ago .
 songs such as twinkle , twinkle .
 the former new england patriots star is awaiting trial in the slaying of 27-year-old odin lloyd .
he said he ` lost it ' when he saw his brother-in-law 's body in a ravine .
 wayne langley , 29 , slept with the wife of neighbouring florist ben smith , 48 .
mcdonald arrived on the scene , and found his commanding officer dead so he took the helm and led a counterattack .
three different courts in new york rejected all of the group 's lawsuits .
he is looking for a kidney donor for his wife jimmie sue , 76 .
bar has since apologised ` for the actions of our staff to our whole country . '
 prose published in local papers as way to grieve when no body was found .
valerie walston now claims she had a 12-month affair with peterson .
 nick kay , 30 , was at home in stockport when the accident happened .
walthall is the second mistress to testify , the other was gypsy willis .
 the handset is the work of swiss designer alessandro savelli .
phones are sold in the uk exclusively at department store harrods .'
for the past nine days the water in the lagoon has remained dark .
judge yesterday threw out the case against him at bristol crown court .
inquest heard hospital 's ` very serious failings ' let mrs patt bleed to death .
 post box appeared embedded where the m54 crosses a442 in shropshire .
royal mail has no idea how it got up there , so it could be a piece of art .'
found the following day and was jailed for three years yesterday .'
 christopher semak , 33 , ` sent the schoolgirl hundreds of texts ' .
police officer denied having sex with the girl when interviewed , court hears .
 test aimed to find dark matter which is thought to make up 27 % of universe .
hydro-quebec .
mr allan sealed his victory with the word bandura for 86 points .'
police instead arrested him after neighbour reported him as a paedophile .
tory mp slams lib dems who ` want uncontrolled and unrestricted immigration '
 drop in inflation down to early easter , say experts .
 former dpp director keir starmer says it is time to ` change the law ' .
money mail investigation highlighted the failings earlier this year .'
paedophile is believed to have abused many victims on bbc premises .
the water feature is thought to have decorated the garden of a wealthy israeli family 's garden in the 10th century .
he photographed him in the street wearing gloves and a pink backpack .
 starring with alan rickman in new film a little chaos .
any orders will not be fulfilled until after december 25 .
eugen darie also pleaded guilty to being his driver .
more than half the world 's attempts to reach mars have failed .
 broadcaster and former footballer john fashanu on list .
company who owns the devices say they were fitted for testing .'
pocket gophers , so named because of their cheek pouches , measure up to 12 inches in length and weigh several hundred grams .'
 daniel jones accumulated the shoes while working at nike 's flagship store .
and underwear .
gay .
he was found camping with a 13-year-old girl who had been reported missing by her family on wednesday .
 aziza kibibi , now 35 , was raped by her father from the age of 8 .
donkey 's owner insists mary must wear helmet in line with council guidelines .
11m brits are heading to work christmas parties this week .'
he instead pulled a sword on his waitress before leaving .
 mia gibson was playing with two shiba inus at home when she was bitten .
police said they suspected johnson in her murder .
into trouble over florida on sunday .
he then added : ' i am going to report your mummy ' , ms stewart said .
now it has been traced to the family of savely blumstein , a german jew .
couple ` ecstatic ' and hope to marry in next few months .
mr terry , 33 , was spotted in the poundland branch in woking , surrey .
 sony 's next-generation playstation 4 goes on sale in the uk on friday .
 festive costumes usually sell for around # 8 at george at asda or tesco .
oxford street flagship store has just completed a # 25 million makeover .'
the incurable disease is treated with medications that stop flare-ups .'
dr martens .
she claims they were trying to get to a cat hiding in a wheel well .'
it also helped students put down their phones and have discussions .
 mrs bercow tweeted ` why is lord mcalpine trending ?
mr brown uses complex algorithms and 3d technology .
 application submitted for a wind turbine on sutton common in cheshire .
 pretty/ugly videos are mostly the work of teenage girls .
artist louise orwin has turned the trend into a play .'
merchandising and licensing thought to be worth about $ 30million a year .
 some of the pieces sold have already been listed on ebay .
the beckhams donated more than 20 boxes of clothes to the red cross .
pleaded with operators ldk security group but they refused to drop fine .'
 weather will be bright and clear across large parts of the uk .
but temperatures will drop from wednesday .
 survey finds neighbours are more likely to invite you for tea and lend tools .
he suggested the homeless should be moved to an area on the city limits .
 larue drummond was a chronic nail biter as a child .
 chocolates worth # 50 taken from one stop shop in billericay , essex .
producers say they have no record of mr edmunds being asked to appear .
nearly four decades on , mr eyres wants to reconnect with his first love .'
 afghan raids being controlled by crews operating out of raf waddington .
party leader walking with wife justine and sons samuel and daniel .
at a race held in philadelphia in june , about half of the 38 injured suffered electrical shocks .
the top prize was # 200 and was scooped by a 20-year-old londoner .
but it ordered dog to be relocated after it bit neighbour 's dog .
compared number a costs of purchase to number of women on the boards .
 be clear on cancer campaign ran across the uk for six weeks this summer .
comes days after law was passed regulating demonstrations .
lidl have had to advise some customers what to do with it .'
clive maxwell said that ` irresponsible lending ' is a problem across the sector .
 thousands believed to have taken advantage of the website error .
rumours that a beckham for belstaff collaboration is on the cards .'
 court heard nigella ` took cocaine , cannabis and prescription drugs ' .
62 , is seeking $ 10,000 in damages from ashley madison , its parent company and his ex-wife 's lover , eleazar montemayor .
however castro 's lawyer is pushing for $ 25,000 a month .
cano has just signed a $ 240million contract for the seattle mariners .
thug then tried to attack his terrified wife , who was sat parked bmw .
 radio 1 has been ordered to attract younger listeners by the bbc trust .
 mother superior agnes-miriam has thrust herself into the spotlight in syria .
she was brutally beaten before being buried alive in a shallow grave .
 ben roethlisberger settled out of court with hostess andrea mcnulty .
officers recorded hours of conversations between august 23 and september 19 .
 diana carney has urged people to protect the environment .
cctv footage captured the attack in hemington , leicestershire .
staff at heartlands hospital , birmingham , realised what had happened .
said in court a series of kicks from her unborn child made her swerve .
mr hussein has never been personally affected by ` direct challenge ' .
 bank effectively admits it has been too stringent over business loans .
 winnie madikizela-mandela says mr mandela is not on life support .
mr mandela has been receiving intensive care at home since september .'
to the poison .
it is part of china 's national highway 318 and runs from shanghai to tibet .
yahoo!
gym culture has exploded in the conservative african country .
will go head-to-head with google nexus 7 in the pocket tablet market .
 lance holger anderson , 60 , has been arrested and charged with murder .
also claimed that he saw ` angels ' during the event on tuesday .
richter videotaped himself assaulting children as young as two .
senator whitmer shared the story in an attempt to stop a measure which would require women to invest in abortion insurance .
she had 30 months of intensive treatment at alder hey children 's hospital .
 soldier says he was bullied at british army barracks in paderborn , germany .
guns included to ` scare off wolves and tigers ' following a crash landing .
 ex-criminals said new york 's mayor-elect should do more to help them .
relatives must pay annual cost : # 52 for a .
 glen rogers reportedly confessed to the murders of nicole brown simpson and ron goldman in 1994 .
rogers claims simpson hired him to break into nicole 's house and steal a pair of expensive earrings .
 student flew flag from his pick-up truck .
but , in a nasty accident in pakistan , she was left with multiple injuries .
 businesses will be allowed to pass cheap loans on to landlords .
news comes as uk narrowly avoids triple-dip recession .'
third is the gluten free diet which involves cutting out many cereals .
before a police officer shot him four times .
` promoting homosexuality ' is a crime in several russian states .
laser .
children being brought to uk by criminal gangs to have organs harvested .
 robert dellinger , 53 , of sunapee , north hampshire , is charged with two counts of reckless manslaughter in saturday 's crash .
chef jon lovitch baked and constructed the villages 164 buildings in his apartment for the past year .
jung impatient to form president 's rule immediately .
in fact , he had a more serious middle ear infection requiring antibiotics .
 tim peake - britain 's first astronaut for 20 years - underwent bizarre training .
al qaeda in the arabian peninsula claimed responsibility .
gardener won fame after he sent a hoax tabasco sauce bomb to a pub .'
 paul kagame , 56 , is said to have armed murderous m23 rebels in congo .
 supermodel , 39 , is face of elevenparis .
message thanked fans for ` enormous love and support ' .
 moore resident barbara garcia feared her beloved dog had been killed .
family members should be able to marry to avoid inheritance tax , he says .
christopher rougier , a ninth-grader at the school , came dressed as santa .
mr bowers grabbed an extinguisher and left his position to help the customer put it out and soon returned to his post .
parents-to-be celebrated with a kiss .
 the government sought to deport uwe and hannelore romeike and their six children .
the family wants to stay in the u.s. because homeschooling is not legal in germany .
 wily creature clambers into wire frame of heat lamp for warmth .
` neighbor and family friend ' 24-year-old jerrod metsker was arrested at around 1 p.m. sunday .
father richard murphy said his daughter ` only wanted .
 airplane suite at teuge airport is built inside a disused aircraft .
 aravindan balakrishnan , 73 , and his wife chanda , 6 , ran maoist sect .
 winter wonderland in milton keynes opened to customers yesterday .
siblings were performing in outdoor nativity play in neath , south wales .
sales up already on last year as people flock to shopping centres .
 crews called out to ground floor flat in hornsey , north london .
added that birds can not have wings that are good at flying and swimming .
 more than 170 photos were entered into this year 's ` art of science ' contest at princeton university .
 jessie flower kept in touch with gosden house after she left in the 1930s .
he went missing this morning after failing to turn up at his school .
rescue workers had to breach a concrete wall to get him out .
south tyneside council says there is no money left for # 5,000 repair .
 family-of-three killed in suspicious house fire yesterday morning .
them in a coma .
 anders ebbeson , 68 , was found dead at the waterfront home he shares with wife katherine harris in sarasota on tuesday .
the region was home to a group of hunter-gatherers called coahuiltecans .
alice temperley said kate is ` brilliant ambassador for british fashion ' .
spelled backwards , the message reads ` murdoch is evil '
now faces between 22 and 30 years in jail according to plea agreement .
she had been studying for a masters degree at the leading university .
 camera was taken into orbit during the nasa 's skylab 3 and skylab 4 missions in 1973 .
delia smith is deemed to be ` past her sell-by date '
accident happened around 11am yesterday off grand bahama island .
built from locally sourced bamboo around a communal centre .
severn crossing also closed this evening due to fatal collision .
she thought she was eight weeks pregnant with one child .
she had to give up her dream of being an english teacher but is now studying medical sciences from home with the open university .
 more than 5,200 people were killed in the tsunami-like storm surges .
would write ideas of scraps of paper and old receipts .
so she hired undertakers to bury him in her back garden in kidderminster .
new draft resolution expected to be circulated at u.n. meeting today .
the country singer pioneered the 4/4 rhythm-shuffle on his hit crazy arms .
bloom said : ` this place is full of sluts ' at party conference .
her hair looked significantly darker and appeared to have been trimmed .
 passenger recorded emergency landing on his camera phone .
police said they suspected johnson in her murder .
 study finds people urged to tell lies are more likely to do so than thought .
 jessenia henry played jesus in the nursery-school play .
 32 % think they would have been poorer if labour won the last election .
but the college said that the painting is ` an ironic comment ' and will stay .
includes bacon and egg buttie and fruit smoothie .
four finalists pick favourite dresses from the bbc one show for glam shoot .
 eunice huthart claims sun and news of the world hacked her voicemail .
written by emily dubberley who interviewed hundreds of women .
zookeepers have n't been able to separate pair to determine baby 's gender .
hewitt has pleaded guilty and case is adjourned until january 21 .'
contains saffron , tonka berries and goji berries .
 it is the third fatal shark attack on reunion this year .
speaking in london , simon said he 's against legalisation of marijuana .
the body of mr falconio , who was 29 at the time , 2001 , never found .'
justice sweeney says argument does not ` amount to a defence ' .
reneta .
in november it will land on comet 67p/churyumov -- gerasimenko .
his parents released a statement today : ` we are shattered by .
 stephen pantlin , 49 , was convicted for the second time in nine months .
the computer starts at $ 2,999 .
 pradnya paramita , 27 , died sunday after tweeting about a 30-hour shift .
hamideh called himself ` abu sharmouta ' during an interview with reporters .
 henry winkler , 68 , was questioned by a reporter in richmond , surrey .
22-year-old sings and plays guitar while being pulled on a wakesurf board .
lord laird for four months after inquiry into ` cash for access ' scandal .
she had been close to death when plane carrying first liver crashed .
 alison sharland , 46 , was married to software entrepreneur charlie , 53 .
i will not stand by while hard-working people struggle to get a mortgage ' .
 dave hall , glenn taylor and dylan taylor posted video to facebook showing them pushing the rock in goblin valley state park .
contradicts his previous and later claims he had known it was terrorism .'
 lynne had nursed her daughter rachael from the age of 13 when she fell ill with a rare lung disease .
this provides evidence in support of popular theory on how moon formed .
around .
in reality , 51 year-old lived in # 1,000-a-month flat nearby .
used exact match beauty works hair weft on mailonline writer hanna .
president hollande is fighting ailing economy and unemployment at 11 % .
british racing school , as their horse came home in first place .
santos was suspected of shooting dead her father in 1986 .
 farmer makes bonnets for geese and diapers and saddles for pet hens .
former plumbing student pawned mother 's ` sentimental ' jewellery for cash .
 deborah dunleavy is standing for conservatives in european elections .
her partner tom curran , 62 , said the death was unexpected .'
 train company deutsche bahn wants to catch vandals in the act .
it followed the horrific murder of drummer lee rigby on woolwich street .
it 's not clear if the pressure cooker was planted in the bathroom as a result of the umaa 's presence .
claims she had no idea that her husband owned a successful restaurant .
 more people short on cash living in less than 200 square feet .
 alex first bounces his paws in the air when told to dance by his owner .
she was arrested this week in her driveway .
 third-grader noshat nahian , 8 , was walking to school friday morning when he was hit by a truck .
local church donated # 1,000 , and he spent # 12,800 decorating his house .
 stuart harness , 34 , and gavin humphries , 37 , pleaded guilty to arson .
pair were caught on cctv at harness ' home and at again at the mosque .
he is believed to have said it would be likely to ` inhibit the .
judge sentenced him to three years behind bars .'
katie had been transferred to a hospice and both had planned funerals .
the helicopter infrared camera caught the events on film .
a total of around 11,000 bricks were thought to have been used .
he scooped astonishing euromillions jackpot with wife gillian in august .
 david thursfield , 67 , is a wanted man after a high court .
 uk has sent a plane to airlift britons out of south sudan .
 facebook collects your search activity and displays it on a log .
uncrosses legs to reveal wardrobe indiscretion .
 melissa reid and michaella mccollum were detained in august in lima .
 melissa reid and michaella mccollum were detained in august in lima .
they wanted to show the ` finite nature ' of the human body and get to the bare bones of couples ' relationships .
kind-hearted locals in boulogne have stepped in to provide a gravestone .
dyce , 25 , has also asked friends to send credit for his blackberry phone .
 tourist hotspots in london could be protected by new ` no-go ' zones .
paul elliot is selling five-bedroom home for # 550,000 .'
they were allegedly targeted in 2009 , as were two israeli embassies .
the pair decided to get married as soon as possible .
he suffered a fractured cheek bone , cuts and bruises in the brutal assault .
sorry sunderland , only one side 's been bottom at christmas and survived .
 23-month-old daniel jones ingested drug at family home in wolverhampton .
dog rescue worker helen coates , 51 , nursed him and has taken him in .'
 elsa carneau was found dead in the pool at virgin active in kensington .
 father of jesus dominguez was suspected of abducting child .
cancer research uk said surgical techniques , .
great-grandmother was 104 when she become world 's oldest paraglider .
officers tailed the man for an hour and attempted to pull him over for reckless driving and a possible dui .
f.b.i.
 the novel by author maya sloan is set to be published in july 2014 .'
 mireya mata-alvarez was out partying with seven other teens the night before her body was found .
officials believe the 10-week-old puddle puppy was thrown out with the trash .
 uganda has passed legislation banning ` promotion ' of gay rights .
 polish model julia borawska appears in vogue mexico 's november 2013 issue .
 william rockefeller , 46 , told .
lawson was accused of drug-taking during trial of her assistants .
hopes to inspire others with cancer to follow their dreams .
it is considered the most collectible japanese car ever produced .'
davis was jailed for 25 years and coulson for at least 20 years .'
 bridge inspection robot equipping magnets -lrb- birem -rrb- were invented by yogo takada at osaka city university in japan .
 pontiff , 77 , repeated visit to hospital by pope benedict xvi in 2005 .
 geologist paul t. walker , 25 , wrote note .
walker died at age 25 after suffering a brain seizure .
mark , 23 , is regular army but both are in the general support squadron .
more people surviving disease , with 30 % living for year after diagnosis .'
the dog miraculously survived with just a slight limp .
air force one greeted with warm reception at honolulu .
 first lieutenant rachel washburn was a philadelphia eagles cheerleader from 2007-2010 .
but she died a few days later while lying in her father 's arms .
lithuanian could have died if the bolt was just a few millimetres away .
 1.55 million tickets have been issued for the weekly general audience .
 rayna warriner , 39 , from bournemouth has nine children .
she starts shopping for christmas presents during the january sales .
 henry melton , 27 , defensive tackle for the chicago bears , was at the chill bar and grill in grapevine , texas .
he is the former boyfriend of amanda knox , who was also jailed .
 the shooting began after the bouncer discovered a gun on a suspect during a pat down .
 jeremiah oliver , 5 , was last seen september 14 .
 woman known as setara allegedly mutilated by heroin addict husband .
moments later mother-of-two was ` brutally murdered ' while out with her dog .
unlicensed gambling , drinking and dancing were held at fairs , along with stalls , skittle alleys and fairground rides .
the cambridges will visit new zealand and australia in april .'
 forty-six u.s. troops were dispatched to south sudan to help evacuate americans this week .
 more than one million us shoppers visited healthcare.gov in past 24 hours .
 george boak has been a ` christian healer ' for 25 years .
tyrol serves up a traditional swedish christmas table with a twist .
32 best selling toaster .
they underwent lengthy separation surgery in august and it was successful .
lord grantham 's hugh bonneville had a ` gentleman ' great grandfather .
when temperatures dropped he piled up the snow and made a quinzhee .
 doreen gover , 78 , spent eight hours a day knitting the jumpers .
 brian shandra , 34 , spotted the orchid on holiday in ecuador .
he was charged with misdemeanor assault but prosecutors are dropping the case .
she travelled to the us for highly targeted proton-beam radiotherapy .
 google has announced the latest software update for its glass eyewear .
 virtual currency 's value tumbles after chinese clampdown .
when and where cats were domesticated is a mystery .'
the puppy has been named miracle and has gone into foster care .
schrama and her husband decided to leave the lights on in memory of byrnes .
king james ii granted a royal charter in 1685 allowing a horse fair to be held ` near the river eden ' .
products have been developed by vodafone and southampton university .
 tom billings disappeared from a house in vancouver where he was staying .
 warren weinstein , 72 , was kidnapped by al-qaeda in august 2011 .
they shelled out # 1,714 on average per transaction .'
 thugs to target england supporters as they will be carrying money .
he wrote ` to kyrstin - dream big dreams ! '
plant at wilton , middlesborough is not treating the fire as suspicious .
the 41-year-old wanted to be transferred to a closed prison a court heard .
the jail is dubbed holiday bay by offenders who claim drugs are available .'
 body was found on an estate in stafford at 12.50 on wednesday .
now a state judge has ruled that punishment too severe and wantroba has been suspended for the year til the end of the school year without pay .
developers say this will be compensate for lack of outdoor space .
they say children told not to speak welsh , even in the playground , or read english books at home .
ex-boyfriend was due to be sent to jail on monday for assaulting kaley .'
the plot to kidnap the little girl was an attempt to get back at her mother for a dispute over a land deal .
 sixty beauty queens gathered in torquay , devon .
athlete won bronze medal at moscow olympic games and was champion body builder .'
she is also a champion base-jumper and has recently taken up scuba - diving with sharks .
 emmy-award winning producer of tracey takes on ... had prostate cancer .
the actress had been invited to meet real-life counterpart , sir david spedding .
 shaun akanbi was discovered with stab wounds at his bedroom in kilburn .
they started from home in sheffield in june and arrived back in october .
 the christmas special was shown in color for the first time .
 injured servicemen home from walking with the wounded expedition .
some lines had virtually no service and southeastern only started at noon .
animal rescue charity is appealing for the funds to help look after freida .'
 two companies expected to apply for extensions over plans for # 30bn merger .
liam 's mother mary said it was a ` disgrace ' the staff had been reinstated .
 fernando flores seeking $ 10m for psychological damages claiming he was victim of ` unwanted ' sexual advances .
complains that his father can not back him up when he plays music loud .
ufos were just 100ft below one of the jets , a boeing 777 .
 prince of wales and duchess of cornwall were immortalised in the comic .
claimant , paul alan lloyd , is thought to disagree with version of events .
 foreign women flying in to the uk to give birth days before due date .
 kashif tariq is the cousin of a convicted bomb plotter .
both suspended from their jobs working at the home office .
 four teenagers are on the run from police after stealing a car in wisconsin on tuesday .
mrs brown 's boys pulled in an average audience of 9.4 million .
beyonce , holly willoughby and abbey clancy all made the top five .
she was harrassed after classmate posted phone number on facebook .
police say he does not speak english and was unsure of what to do after the accident .
property used as holiday cottages ; sale does not include lighthouse tower .
she continued to run for two hours after breaking the record .'
used photos of her on social media , to create ` sexually explicit images ' .
 brothers john , will and matthew jenkins were all diagnosed with xlp , a rare genetic immune disorder .
 surfers hit the waves on cocoa beach , florida on christmas eve .
 espn 's chris fowler tweeted that his broadcast partner saved his life .
just one week before the deadly incident , another deer was spotted in the national zoo 's elephant enclosure .
it was uploaded by the manager of horny escorts in poor english .
 gail empson and her family were ` disgusted ' by antics of gang on cruise .
smell like towie or made in chelsea .'
 maddie is a hardcore chicago bears fan and her parents decided to prank her by giving her a greenbay packers jersey as a joke .
maddie literally throws the jersey at her father .'
 changed the question from should the uk ` remain ' in the eu to should the uk ` be ' in the eu .
 jack leggett , from south shields , died two months after diagnosis .
bbc 's security now believes it has secured the site , it is understood .
the coast guard continues to search for the body .
witnesses reported an object ` as bright as the sun that fragmented into many parts ' .
 sgt daniel rasik was stationed in afghanistan when his wife began labor .
comes after retailer was forced to apologise over checkout policy .
 ` domestic goddess ' nigella lawson says she is ` not confrontational ' .
 keshmal dubey , 55 , was beaten to death after a row with neighbours .
 lexi drake was born with turner syndrome - a chromosomal abnormality which only affects girls and causes short stature and infertility .
 official figures show one is seven staff were absent for more than 20 days .
now bobi has been spared after vet declared he should not be put to sleep .
cambridge-based internet watch foundation short of money .'
 inquiry launched after shocking incident in stockholm .'
the new .
sterling approaches three-year high vs dollar and ftse 100 up 14 % in 2013 .'
 democratic presidential candidates are favored by 43 to 35 per cent .
 deliveryman caught on cctv two years ago hurling rectangular parcel over gate .
other royals , such as prince charles and princess anne , have taken on extra .'
they are charging around a third of the price hotels are demanding .'
drinkers at nearby pub said they offered him money not to complete jump .
 the bolt struck a seventh day adventists church in capital of lilongwe .
has admitted having two children with his current wife and one with his ex .
commercial stations say they are taking revenue away .
big bash league proves to be a hit with t20 fans .
 singers replace daniel radcliffe at top of list .
 manchester-born singer morrissey 's hatred of royal family is well known .
 many of them ` prostituted themselves ' at parties held by italian pm .
it details the highest-scoring and rare word prefixes and suffixes .
 passengers were exiting the vortex ride around 9pm when it unexpectedly started up again .
she was given blood tests and scans which detected a possible tumour .
 viviane reding attacked the welfare system for being ` too generous ' .
which players will catch roy hodgson 's eye in time for world cup ?
 pakistani-born dr ali salim , 44 , pleaded guilty for the death of pregnant deanna ballman and her unborn baby .
swept out to sea after getting into difficulty while ` swimming or surfing ' .
one ton of confetti will fall on the the crowd .
moon ' is 1,800 light years away and is half the mass of earth .
 katelyn hank , 16 , dies from her injuries after tragic incident .
church will post it on to mama kaye - eleanor wilson - today .
 the house was bought last year for $ 750,000 , but is too small for the owner .
 ron henderson spent last four months of his life working on beloved car .
the family were left not knowing what had become of the remains for months .
 ian tracy was wrongly jailed for four years for being a paedophile .
the rescue operation took two hours with 19 firefighters taking part .'
means those against same-sex union can say without fear of prosecution .
 8,460 patients forced to wait more than two hours by arriva transport solutions ' ambulance service in greater manchester .
he then tried to kill a nine-year-old boy at nearby skate park in shipley .
 out-of-court settlements come after west yorkshire police admit the claims were ` unlikely to be successfully defended ' .
the cosmetic was invented by stan ades , 43 , from san francisco .'
no-one has yet claimed responsibility for the attack .
relatives say she was ` terrified ' of him - but authorities have not named him as a suspect .
mourners honored her life on sunday in pennsylvania .'
pizza was served to unsuspecting customer at flames kebabs , east london .
 gracie welcome , from edgbaston in birmingham , was the first to arrive .
despicable me 2 minions were the most-loved animated characters with 61,300 interactions .'
kevyn orr , the city 's emergency manager , holds most of the power during the bankruptcy .
he was able to correctly guess four out of nine colors of mr sketch scented markers .'
the irish border would have been redrawn , cutting northern ireland in half .
yorkshire chairman colin graves in sydney after tough year at home .
relatives say she was ` terrified ' of him - but authorities have not named him as a suspect .
he was hit with multiple felony drug charges and for violating the terms of his parole .
 christopher poole , 26 , was trying for an infamous nando 's ` black card ' .
promotion promised the deal to anyone who had eaten in firm 's 1031 stores .
reality tv star pleaded guilty to assault at newcastle crown court .
 the rules were drawn up using suggestions from the paris public .
she 's been on vacation from de blasio 's team ever since and will now return to working as a consultant .
he was buried in a private funeral attended by family today .
the ` hand-washing automaton ' design could have replaced a servant .
13 people were injured and 6 people are in critical condition .
oscar-winning actor jeremy irons present at eu commission .
 tatyana kozhevnikova features in guinness book of records .
was only diagnosed with brain tumour after collapsing at home .
viewers were angry about the crude sexual double entendres and crassness of the dialogue .'
 alan greaves was murdered by two strangers on christmas eve 2012 .
 government forces today surrounded sunni cities ramadi and fallujah .
 recycled aircraft parts are collected by brett and shane armstrong .
has been tested in zero gravity - and shown dancing with schoolchildren .'
eric freed was found dead in his church rectory in eureka , california .
 a.j.
 daniel metzgar , 44 , had the surgical procedure in 2009 but claims it was botched in a medical malpractice lawsuit .
he passed his test on december 14 .
according to legend she is arbella stuart , once tipped to be queen .'
father admitted dangerous driving - his sixth conviction for the offence .
co-worker drove her to a hotel where she failed to get a room .
insulting .
the expensive device was lost when the hospital was destroyed in storm .
workers at the weel site in yorkshire turned him away for being on a bicycle .
they took a photo and were shocked that the faces looked 3d in the image .'
 rachel wilde , who plays nikki spraggan , jailed for three months in us .
was in a bar at 18-years-old when she threw a bottle that hit a woman .
he is convicted of abducting and murdering a florida couple in 1974 .
chavez will be executed by lethal injection on february 12 .
he shared these signals with life in 1944 , and they are now being republished .'
don everly said he shared ` spiritual ' moment with brother just before death .
 autopsy results include list on brutal injuries after november 30 accident .
item found in building 's grounds and brought in by member of public .
men dressed as chefs set a photograph of a raw steak alight .
 former barclays ceo , 61 , resigned last july after rate-rigging scandal .
in europe .
beat former towie co star lucy mecklenburgh who came second .
body was found smoldering in a dumpster by police on friday .
now partner israel ` sam ' perlmutter , 42 , is said to be fearing for his life .
 cassidy perry has been released from hospital a week after being shot in the head by her .
the rockfall is unexplained and police have launched an investigation .'
the prince george branded items are the only things to be reduced .
davies has three grown-up children from his first marriage to karen , who died from cancer in 1997 , and a 10-year-old daughter with helen .
the rants are in letters written from high-security psychiatric hospital .
 the xue long had provided the helicopter that helped with the rescue .
doctor describes ` slow and gradual deterioration ' in former pm 's condition .
he was found dead at a park in kansas city , missouri on sunday with a bag tied around his head , his ankles tied and a finger partially severed .
zachary m. lisle , 20 , and a juvenile girl have been charged in the murder .
mcgillvary .
accident happened before michael schumacher was critically injured .
 georgina bloomberg , 30 , gave birth to her son jasper on christmas eve .
today police informed hopefuls that she would still not accept flowers .
 academics said learning was more effective when spread over time .
 east of england ambulance trust under fire over response times .
 luis pantoja , 25 , was charged with raping a 15-year-old girl after his dna was linked to a condom near the scene .
government ` blind ' to the full implications of the law , they argue .
her mother is fighting the hospital to keep her on life support .
facebook topped the list of most searched-for term , followed by youtube .
 married former governor ` had steamy session in front of young children ' .
tiny runway is so small that pilots need special training to land there .
mccarron 's model girlfriend katherine webb also appeared to favorite a message that suggested that jameis winston 's command of english was ` insulting ' .
scott had previously been convicted of drug dealing .
parish council said the couple had no right of access and built a barricade .
 women got into altercation outside laganside court in belfast .
fell in love aged 14 at school but stopped talking for years .
 dennis rodman screamed at a cnn anchor during a tuesday morning interview about his second trip to north korea .
 many buyers find the faults within weeks of purchasing car .
video shows the telescopes and lasers at work at manuna kea in hawaii .
 stuart green , from eccles , manchester , said to have been arrested .
naked body of a woman found under the bed in a hotel in phnom penh .'
kluwe told cnn on monday night that he 100 percent stands by his allegations .
this will save # 85million a year on running costs by 2015/16 .
 boden george hughes arrested following fire on ferry from newcastle .
britain 's biggest water-powered clock features 3ft tall cuckoo .
hid wife nicola and daughter eva in bathroom then tried to fight gunmen .
the 24-year-old egyptian holds guinness world record for largest biceps .
due to appear on the today show but pulls out of appearance at the last minute .
mi5 also intercepted him at heathrow before putting him on ` no-fly list ' .
gma has been ahead in the ratings but today show came out on top today .
 prime minister and samantha go backstage to meet the stars .
rashid 's lawyer said in mitigation that the incident had ` freaked him out ' .
 researchers from the mars society are living in a cramped two-story hut .
the 32-year-old clears snow from their driveways for free .
believes british farmers and producers ` grow best food in the world ' .
 stuart green , from manchester , was initially reported to have been arrested .
lord astor said his father never recovered from the allegations .
 florida woman forgot loaded gun was in her bag .
judge instead gave her a 10-month sentence suspended for two years .'
 victoria oddy threatened student with a ten-inch blade in one robbery .
 andrew moran , of salford , had been on crimestoppers ' most wanted list .
he had escaped from burnley crown court after raiding a royal mail van .
 becci woodward had noah an hour after waking up with contractions .
he was delivered by her partner and her mother before help arrived .
 emily linaker was diagnosed with restrictive cardiomyopathy a year ago .
instead of being a tumour , as doctors had feared , the swelling turned out to be a goitre - an enlarged thyroid gland .'
participants don neon and wave glow-sticks as they work out .
 joanna stockton 's eyes closed up after she used piz buin in majorca .
david sherborne and carine patry hoskins claim it began after inquiry .
you need to right click on each image and choose ` save as ' .
both are in custody .'
 donovan morley-clough targeted pensioners , including dementia sufferers .
 ex-f1 champion worried about ` things that can happen in everyday life ' .
 presenter wendy hurrell , 31 , caught revealing face of thunder after report .
viewers took to twitter to speculate as to where her anger was directed .
tussled with snake for a minute before finally freeing the groggy moggy .
 diet slimming perfume claims to help shift pounds quickly .
discovery may help save the british ash tree population .'
 tourists are allowed to pet animals at argentina 's lujan zoo .
 bernadette lee , 25 , was found frozen to death in snow after a night out .
dubai police are investigating the circumstances surrounding his death .
she was jailed for 18 years at birmingham crown court yesterday .
 a five-year-old girl was home alone in saint roch when she shot herself with a .38 revolver .
calls for a halt to spending cuts , opposes bedroom tax and welfare reform .
 the u.s. food and drug administration is now allowing marketing of the neuropsychiatric eeg-based assessment aid -lrb- neba -rrb- system .
mexican has been withdrawing money to pay for meals at airport restaurants since june 30th .'
 survey finds more than half of men not prepared to swap roles with women .
cheree weighed 19 stone and paula was 17st 4lbs and had diabetes .
they match you with someone similar , you each take two friends along .
 gawain roberts struck up conversation with 16-year-old on facebook .
 jason nock , 41 , had been plagued by sleepless nights for years .
 hundreds spend bank holiday paying tribute to murdered soldier lee rigby .
device is linked to an iphone to record sleep patterns .'
giffords is now the face of the national gun control effort .
ashley carpenter , 18 , and david kohler-carpenter , 14 , were pronounced dead at the scene , father john kohler was taken off life support last week .
 picture of benny the spaniel was sent into local paper .
 new jersey governor chris christie has lost half his weight loss goal since lap-band surgery in february .
 charlie vernon , 28 , waved her middle finger on shopping channel gems tv .
 yang yi kui from china dislodged the pin while using a cutting machine .
incident happened hours after west ham lost to manchester united .
42-year-old from clapham , london , said spider was same size as 10p coin .
today , an inquest heard how he was outside playing with his brother .
there were also unconfirmed reports of a sighting near a school yesterday .
mother cheryl said : ` it 's amazing to have her back in our lives now ' .
 labour mp publicly questioned the inquest ruling on twitter .
she gave birth on new year 's day - three days before predicted due date .
the 29-year-old found decorations for grave gone when she visited .
emergency services are frequently having to deal with obese call-outs .
businessman had been searching for his missing dog near traveller site .
food expert says many phobias are down to subconscious associations .
top managers find having children has not been an obstacle to promotion .
men are more likely than women to say they are the boss .'
 jon walters , 19 , was a freshman center for the usc trojans .
bomb detonation technology was used for the most suspicious packages .
hmrc realised the 59-year-old from manchester actually owed # 16,905 .
she says during those nine minutes she went to heaven and met god .
her boyfriend , domynique tamaire , was left seriously injured .
abbey road signs added to the uk after 2011 were not included .
56 per cent think he should resign if found guilty .
 the 207mph mclaren in police livery will be unveiled this weekend .
 of the 170 convictions between 2012 and 2013 52 per cent were romanian .
 party supplies website is promoting australia day merchandise .
 the hapa sushi chain matches pot with food for a new ad campaign .
rhodes ' mother , mary grania , died in daughter 's truck on their way to ontario , canada , last march .
act with a student younger than 19 .
in 1995 , kruzan , was convicted and sentenced to life in prison without parole .
 mike tyson and robin givens married just 11 months after meeting .
 police stopped 19-year-old moroccan after he was spotted shoplifting .
 flu season is hitting its peak in the united states .
 teresa howard , 43 , thought she was suffering from a wheat intolerance .
 lib dem business secretary has given up hope of becoming chancellor .
this allows astronomers to use it like a magnifying glass to see beyond .
shutl can deliver items bought and sold in the same region within an hour .
it has a 7-inch screen , 8gb of storage and a front-facing camera .
arturo believed satan had convinced his son to support a rival team .
plans to print gifs onto lenticular cards .
 jane hutton from aberdeen lost her husband and had no children .
the incredible images were captured by austrian adventure photographer martin lugger .
 samantha lewthwaite , the world 's most wanted woman , is on the run .
 the plane landed at taney county airport instead of branson airport , nine miles away .
he said freedom of movement is among eu 's ` greatest successes ' .
he married cola , 22 , mother of his children , in hospital on 20 december .
 dorothy spicer was found the following morning in the care home grounds .
scotland yard sent dozens of officers to the estate after being warned of the plot by police in manchester , who had a trusted ex-police informant .
eeva 's mother is ` distraught ' and police very concerned for their welfare .
and performing ` love experiments ' on her including locking her in a black box .
will take him 60 days with temperatures dropping to minus 40c .
 alan cox , 47 , from nelson , lancashire , dropped trousers in front of girls .
cox , who is divorced , was jailed for two years at burnley crown court .
 george osborne took luke alvarez to china on trade mission .
 fascinating pictures taken by polish photographer katarzyna majak .
 all five # 100,000 scratchcard jackpots have already been claimed .
 heart attacks are one of the most common forms of death in the uk .
she had suffered a pulmonary embolism and has been brain dead since .
being ' a secretive religious movement ' .
woman from strechford , birmingham charged with child abandonment .
proud father was a guiding force behind son 's glittering f1 career .
also survived by daughters natasha , samantha and tanya .
inquest this month will examine how mr buckley died in cycling accident .
was convicted of killing april jones , 5 , after kidnapping and abusing her .
oxford professor claims they should be taxed for impacting health .
 executive director greg smith quits in open letter in the new york times .
in 2014 she is adopting healthier eating habits .
 the mimo system was created by a mit graduates from boston .
 laura willmott , 18 , had endured a five-year battle with the disease .
freniere now lives out of his minivan in pennsylvania , as he ca n't find a job .
 the pair sneaked out of stonyhust college in clitheroe , lancashire .
got out of breath climbing stairs and was on edge of diabetes .
 stacey dropped from 22st and size 28 to to 10st 8lbs and a size 10 .
when she reached 22st her mother told her she feared she would die .
the duke is expected to recover for the next two months .'
o'neill among the most famous photographers of the 1960s .
 marco antonio huicochea-gonzalez died of blunt force trauma to the head .
 string of criticism on trip advisor about the georgian house in glasgow .
during the finals for the u.s. olympic team in italy , tracy made the cut but lanny was the final competitor eliminated .
products from telecom 's company huawei said to have ` vulnerabilities ' .
honda s2000 spun off a flyover and landed upside down in the river clyde .
it is claimed the murders were carried out on orders of a drug cartel .
arrested on suspicion of the murder of valerie graves in bosham .
emma found at bottom of stairs at stockport home by her estranged partner .
rupert grint , 24 , has a # 12.9 million property portfolio in herfordshire .
representatives of barry 's estate and one of the other women injured in the crash are suing all 86 men who were members of the frat at the time .
the murder charges stem from a horrifying car chase , shooting and chain reaction accident in which a taxi exploded on the las vegas strip .'
famous names interred there include amy winehouse and enid blyton .
 alex james appears set on releasing the beverages under britpop brand .
he is demanding eu reforms if britain is to remain in the group of nations .
18 per cent of bar staff even asked actors if they wanted a double shot .
just three people were prosecuted over the little-enforced law in 2010 .'
their cars were in queue behind slow-moving lorry on the a165 near hull .
court hears that she demanded # 165,000 and sent her text messages threatening to tell her family about her debts .
32-year-old doctor has already undergone 66 rounds of chemotherapy .
went from dress size 10 to 20 .
the text of each book was analysed using a specially-created algorithm .
while less successful books featured more verbs and adverbs .
device can be used in places where agents can not reach .
 the yellow jacket case is now available for the iphone 4s , 5s and 5c .
the 650k volt electrode on top of the case is protected by a cover .
hourly rates vary from # 50 in merseyside to # 120 in south london .
almeda said he thought he was helping the woman to make money .
 payton benson , 5 , was not the intended target of the drive-by shooting .
study looked at 5,000 british civil servants drinking habits .
all the offences were committed while she was on bail .'
he passed intelligence on planned raids and arrests to stephen hunt , 33 .
 wiley lives with the hanestad family near eau claire , wisconsin .
was last seen on cctv walking through a train station subway .
she said bedding was smeared with faeces and staff were poorly trained .
 domnica cemortan would sneak into francesco schettino 's room at night .
she stole an envelope containing # 1,000 , and one containing fake notes .
golladay injured himself before he was arrested .'
body of 23-year-old was found in her burnt-out car in september 2012 .
professor was heard telling the woman he needed to work out at the gym ` or i wo n't be able to make love to you ' .
rescuers pulled both men from the river , but only one survived .
scott built headquarters at cape evans on the west of the antartic island .
 penny mordaunt defends her appearance on this weekend 's splash !
 diablo the doberman pinscher was chasing geese across a frozen-over pond on sunday in o'fallon park , st. louis .
he was given unconditional bail after the hearing at sefton magistrates ' court in liverpool .
 curtis woodman says 3 dancers , their manager , and 2 men kidnapped him .
 a.b.
while schirmer was cleared of any wrong-doing in musante 's suicide , he was charged with murdering his wives .
katy isd said a male student was in custody in connection with the bomb threat .
 the singer reflects on how she became an accidental fashion icon in a personal essay for style.com / print magazine .
 egyptians ahmad abdulsalam al-baili and hajjaj saadi executed in kuwait .
the consumer expert will remain editor-in-chief of the website for the next three years .'
their cars were in queue behind slow-moving lorry on the a165 near hull .
he is concerned because ` we do n't know the long-term consequences '
 carol tsoi was said to have been anxious about husband kam 's hearing .
 lino carbosiero has been recognised for services to hairdressing .
 artur liana was swept away after he fell into river on a night out .
family forgive him for the attack and are welcoming him back home .
the treatment is lung lavage - washing the lungs out with fluid .
was injured in a pub fracas on new year 's eve 2010 .
 jonathan anderson , 38 , from dorset was left almost toothless .
dentist told him to use superglue to keep shoddy crowns in .
the actress , 43 , said she is in favour of allowing assisted suicides .
christie denies he knew of plan to close bridge as political payback .
angel martinez , the girl 's step-father , admitted to abusing the 2-year-old in the past .
people who have one can reclaim its value at the bank of england .
hodgson 's england must give a good showing at world cup .
mottos include ` why make a baby when you can fake a baby ? '
software .
but made her a 3d model from titanium .
he said the snake had died after being abandoned in the cold weather .'
mr farage said tory members have ` sympathy ' for what his party is doing .
the singer was appearing on the bbc to promote his band 's album .
bbc bosses in talks over future of beloved bbc2 show that attracts seven million viewers .
 employees at internet giant have to walk up to 15 miles during a shift .
he has been involved in a custody battle with boy 's mother , laura carder .
but confederation of british industry said scrapping it would be harmful .
but britain will increase handouts to nigeria this year , it has been revealed .'
 julia rawson , 59 , claims officers ripped out her bath and toilet in the raid .
britain adds 78,000 homes worth more than # 1million in last 12 months .
 david coupe lost his # 50 a week payment after he was ruled fit to work .
 christopher tappin , 65 , from kent will stand trial in november .
jonathan adleta faces life in prison for abusing his daughter .
 david , 33 , cover star of man of the world magazine .
steel magnate lakshmi mittal loses # 2.16 bn .
 christian bale an outside favourite for american hustle .
great great grandfather from sheffield born in 1903 .
 joginder singh , 80 , died on sunday and post-mortem was inconclusive .
mr owens was a rising star planning to declare for the nfl draft after the upcoming football season .
but he has since been released on bail , police have confirmed .'
court heard the couple bought cars , jewellery and even cosmetic surgery .
 robert costley and peter ashford , from wales , are travelling in australia .
 juventus striker wants another title for his collection .
haribo sweden 's head said they had n't seen ` negative connotations '
the clean-up is now underway , four months after the terrorist attack .'
but he is said to be fed up of couples parking up to have sex at night .
bullied grangemouth managers by sending mobs of protesters to houses .
forces pension society accuses coalition of breaking military covenant .
says his fiancee plans to move to the capital and get work as a cleaner .
it was passed in its second reading despite the earlier scuffle .'
she died in february after both sisters tried to overtake a lorry at once .
a female capuchin shakes a tree branch before throwing a large stone .
british academics found that the most successful were most at risk .
marker 's family said she had suffered from alcohol addiction .
said he wants nothing from his son but to be recognised as his father .
professionals , but some nutritionists believe it .
 spectacular photos show three explorers paragliding over the karakoram mountain range in pakistan .
the handsets are expected to have 4.7-inch and 5.5-inch displays .
prime minister visited frontline troops to mark british armed forces day .
more than 40 places in uk have seen average price rise above # 1million .
december and march also common break-up months .
halloween and new year 's eve also popular .
his wish , granted by make-a-wish foundation , was to become superhero .
 lance light survived an avalanche in the rocky mountains .
he had been drinking before he appeared at the baltic inn , near llanelli .
couple seen walking along the beach in punta cana and eating al fresco .
 lee sentino , 24 , has a lifelong phobia of all sauces and condiments .
 anmer hall on sandringham estate is being renovated for william and kate .
the government will not renew the contract of cgi federal , lead contractor on the website , when it runs out in february .
 stephen gough , 55 , is better known as the ` naked rambler ' .
 emily and carl ogasthorp , from oxford , used 3d technology .
stood on a rotating table to have body scanned into computer .
 ray edwards mbe , 59 , had to have both of his arms and both of his legs amputated after he developed septicaemia - blood poisoning - in 1987 .
three-year-old staffordshire bull terrier-cross had gone missing from his new owners .
his wife kelly boren , 32 , is a school administrator from northampton .
lt boren 's niece said : ` nobody was expecting this to happen from him '
officers say the 88-year-old shot his sick wife once in the chest .
respondents also read printed books , with just 4 % saying they are electronic only .'
portraits will be displayed on the side of a pavilion at the sochi olympics .
it will be made up of 10,000 actuators that move to produce the 3d view .
connally was shot in the chest but survived while kennedy died .
they include kevin spacey , daniel craig and the late richard griffiths .
 hannah loew , from crosby , texas , suffers up to 100 seizures a day .
as well as drawing celebrities , the steady handed artist draws everyday people and animals .
she says that as she gets older she is having to work harder on her figure .
levina rarely went to nursery and was given sanitary towels as knickers .
woodhouse caught green and , court hears .
` they said it was a .
 maurice fletcher , 57 , was depressed after splitting from girlfriend pauline .
a day later he killed himself , an inquest heard .
 terry marley was adopted by alfred and maureen rawlings .
 indonesian police claim that asylum seekers had to receive burn treatment .
spaniard trained away from chelsea team-mates at cobham on wednesday .
jose mourinho understood to have accepted mata 's wish .
spirit airlines says passengers were ` loud and disruptive '
 georgina porteous and sid innes spent just a pound on their wedding .
a steep decline in the number of teen pregnancies is believed to be a contributing factor .'
 crystal vrooman , the distraught mother of tyler doohan , has opened up about her son 's heroic actions .
scientists focused on the position of the setting sun in the painting .
years .
 dallas buyers club tells the story of aids victim ron woodroof .
gov.
was studying at manchester university , but had struggled with depression .
it bears no relevance to me today ' , mr collymore said .
 ukip leader under pressure over whether the party has any policies .
but she decided to write letter to let thief know what she thought of them .
he is jailed for 20 years in st albans after pleading guilty to manslaughter .'
 one-day course encourages troublemakers to ` reflect ' on bad behaviour .
former soldier says he can ` make anything ' out of metal .
vicky , 25 , was dropped from the reality show after she was arrested .
she had some leaves for lunch but only noticed the frog when her daughter spotted it later that evening .
 jenni has a wonderful relationship with her hairdresser olivier morosini .
 the photo zimmerman appears to have used for his latest painting was taken by ap photographer rick wilson .
reported having only about .
 john linwood , who had a # 280,000 salary , was suspended in may .
but miss hodge dismisses the ` completely fallacious argument ' .
gemma smith told inquest about moment she tried to revive three-day-old .  '
 lauryn deverson pulled the man out before he disappeared under water .
the 73-year-old was lucky to escape with his life when he grabbed his foot .
creator describes it as ` nervous system for entire planet ' .
 snowden documents and officials reveal agency is able to listen into phone calls even if they are encrypted .
 dennis ` slick ' lilly escaped from missouri state penitentiary in 1986 .
 chelsea have long been linked with a move for luke shaw .
 sam gardiner , 17 , posed as a football journalist and spread bogus rumours .
 one cafe called the mill sells toast covered in ` smallbatch almond butter ' .
 richard and susan shield are divorcing after a 43-year marriage .
doctor 's company awarded $ 1million to build biowaste conversion plant .
 christopher mancini , 19 , from sussex was sentenced to 18 years in jail .
 nottinghamshire police unveiled move as they look to cut # 73.8 million .
court of appeal upheld high court judge ruling she could consent to sex .
student was shot in the chest and bled to death while trying to escape by jumping from moving car .
record-breaking temperatures top 47c in south australia .
in an interview carney compared the union to the crisis-hit euro .'
he is being represented by the lawyer for oscar pistorius , kenny oldwage .
 rachel paskin , 42 , from aldridge , suffers from silent migraines - auras .
but the marine mammals have not been able to agree on winner this year .
nba player jason collins , who came out as gay , will also attend .
the vacancy is in h branch of royal household in buckingham palace .
hospital already under investigation after former miner michael bowen was left in an ambulance for four hours last week .
 former soldier ray coulson , 42 , served in the british army for 22 years .
wife shainie and children blake , bailley , and kallum , ordered to leave uk .
anderson jailed after being convicted of stabbing woman in the neck .
she was not told hospital policy not to resuscitate until newborn was dying .
 nikita , a steller 's sea eagle , flew away from trainers on saturday .
the bread producer dates back to 1887 and is an iconic british brand .
intelligence .
meanwhile , arias 's legal bills have passed $ 2million - and will only rise .
and thursday .
garage manager lekshmanan asokkumar tried to stop him as he made off .
 the ski champion will report daily from the u.s. during the games .
chambers waste management plc denies discriminating against mr howell .
discovery was made during digitisation of the british in india records .
 one in eight machines are a decade old and should have been replaced .
 tractor fell from trailer and crashed into bus carrying 34 near to inhambupe .
his family said he often sat in the car to text and chat .
it could take up to three months to determine whether he died of hypothermia .
but they will have to decide whether or not dale had the intent to kill .
university of texas claim fawcett wanted them to display it .
the church is pressing charges against mathews for embezzling up ` six figures '
 classic party look is given modern , textured update .
but her fianc\xc3\xa9 , vas alli , spent months secretly restoring the cuddly toy .
her parents feared the worst and had made an emotional plea for her to come home .
` i 'm confident i could make a good president .
south korean news agency reporting ` purge of entire family ' .
poems are thought to have been written on the papyrus in 3rd century ad .
its claim against him has been agreed after ruling in guernsey court .
many then walked into new jobs lined up within the health service .
backlash prompts bath magazine to pull cover .'
 mother-of-two subhain , 31 , changed her polish daily for 20 years .
 normadie farrar , six , has been ` abducted by a family member ' , police say .
many are intimate family portraits , some featuring the queen herself .
michael flatley , his wife and son were at home and heard the intruders .
eventually had over 5lbs of excess skin removed on nhs .
jews say it is the former site of solomon 's temple .
 gemma harvieu , 29 , allegedly funnelled money to andrew moran , 31 .
 emil metodiev , 32 , was caught with items from burglary in essex .
he was arrested on misdemeanor charges of failure to obey police , unlawful use of a state right of way and resisting arrest without violence .
activity in the brain was increased and peaked among adolescents .
 poll by netmums shows six in ten say they have to pre-arrange intimacy .
either or both of them would provide cover for olivier giroud .
told of life with teenager daniel , who was 14 when he killed his mother .
 ann summers release # 34 triple boost ultimate cleavage bra .
nearby boat comes to their rescue , all 13 passengers are saved .'
mr hayes had previously worked on the gear box of jenson button 's car .
 lisa dropped from 18st and a size 26 to 9st 10lb and a trim size 10 .
created to overcome ww2 fuel shortages , but only 25 models were made .
commercial failure due to limited supply of materials during conflict .
he wanted to swim with his friends but struggled to balance in the water .
 david wildstein says he has documents tying governor christie to the closures at the fort lee approach to the george washington bridge .
madonia has been battling oesophageal cancer since october .'
 russian astronauts grew leafy greens , dwarf wheat and peas .
plants were grown in lada greenhouse on the international space station .
the plants have been verified as safe to eat by moscow researchers .
 murphy mack spelt out ` marry me emily ' during ride around neighborhood .
karlie kloss stars as femme fatale in new video .
results revealed in a survey by the association of teachers and lecturers .
 sherrell dillion , 27 , appeared on channel 4 's benefits street .
 joyce burrell is celebrating england call-up for son luther burrell .
black dam pride in greater kruger national park consists of three lionesses , four cubs , and a male .
striker kostas mitroglou completes # 12.4 m switch from olympiacos .'
he is believed to have used them in the chinese water torture escape .
the gold and diamond crown failed to sell today at auction at bonhams .
 megan roberts last seen on thursday after leaving popworld bar in york .
police are investigating whether the boy was shaken to death .'
 mo farah posted a clip of himself jumping into the sea on facebook .
dehar 's now one of most famous names in france since the court case .
 emirates operates enormous aircraft paint hangar in dubai .
of the disease .'
 142,300 foreign nationals claiming jobseekers allowance , figures show .
 people in giardini-naxos , italy , put up umbrellas to protect themselves .
has now won the title of the fastest flying woman in the world and does the sport full time .
the teens nicknamed the then-17-year-old ` three-fifths , ' referring to how the government once counted black people as a fraction of a person .
 the colorado river will be flooded for five days from monday .
the dam has caused beaches and wildlife habitats to disappear .
 street view now features over 50 train stations and 16 international airports .
travellers can also explore the inside of an a380 plane at dubai airport .
step up 2 serve project was masterminded by prince charles .'
h.i.v.
 lord sumption , a judge in the supreme court , attacked strasborug judges .
features pieces by henry holland and jonathan saunders .'
 red lion pub shut down in 2009 and the whole building was demolished apart from the facade .
 bronze medallist larisa moskalenko , 50 , is among seven people arrested .
she was alerted to the alleged abuse her 10-year-old , who slept in the same bed as her .
 christie delivered brief remarks during ceremonial handing off of super bowl to arizona .
the map was created by facebook 's data science team .
reason # 1 ?
reasons 2 - 28 ?
 more than 1,600 reptiles and amphibians found at johannesburg airport .
the robbers threatened the guard with a gun before spraying him with mace .
mike jones set up the challenge for squirrels in wolverhampton .'
have increased in number by 30 % and now out number shoe shops .
harley , who was born with half a heart , died on october 1 last year .
this week the 26-year-old was reunited with the person who saved his life .
neil laybourn , 31 , from surrey , persuaded mr benjamin not to jump .
allowing cash payments costs # 24million every year .'
paul leonard found the star in a car with a young girl and was told by him : ` i 'm waiting for midnight when she turns 16 ... so p *** off ' .
 michael schumacher is being taken out of artificial coma gradually .
pc david rathband killed himself 20 months after the gun attack .
 michael schumacher is being taken out of artificial coma gradually .
illulian .
authorities are still investigating what caused the fatal accident .'
court service spokesman confirms names did appear but were removed .
 police investigators have asked sussex police to refer conduct of pair .
tree will be decorated with photos of military homecomings and placed in the blue room .
 the 240-million-year-old ` communal latrine ' was discovered in argentina .
 sue bennett opened her bun and saw one of her burgers was raw .
 mailonline screening live catwalk show here at 6pm tonight .
 hayley jones , 33 , was so enraged she lunged at paulos iasonides .
it happened at mr iasonides ' chip ship in brierfield , lancashire .
says his life his ` so much easier ' knowing water will come out from the tap .
she said her ` super cool ' boss laughed at her announcement .
 the female toilets were found next to the winter olympics press centre .
the note ` we got your back , ' began : ` hey honey ... you 'd rather knit than watch me slay zombies , but hear me out on this .
white widow samantha lewthwaite is believed to be a senior figure in group .
 commander paul dunn was in charge of nuclear sub hms vigilant .
that involved a two-week cruise with his wife on a saga ship .
they are believed to have died from carbon monoxide poisoning while they worked .
answered questions for cambridge university researchers about mood .
paul and sheila comer arrived in shackles to court today .'
accused of seeking to join the extremest group al-nusrah front in syria .
 jennifer , 32 , came seventh on american idol in 2004 .
does n't want tragedy of her mother 's murder to define her .
shoppers choose goods online from range of local participating shops .
while legal , the humane society says that the experiments are unnecessary .'
the couple divorced after the photo taken outside scott 's restaurant in mayfair , london , surfaced .
once on land , the vehicle has the ability to hop 30 feet into the air .
 troy larson and terry hinnenkamp photographed abandoned towns for a coffee table book .
she died after she was rushed to the hospital not breathing in bartow county , georgia on january 21 .
she is currently fundraising to build a park memorial to her daughter .
he said the discovery of the so-called god particle was ` disappointing ' .
 snout of the erlikosaurus andrewsi was found to be covered with keratin .
 maryland teenager alex morris went into cardiac arrest in july last year .
employed people to cold call victims and convince them to buy shares .
after talks with david cameron , said he is interested in uk energy projects .
 shot by acclaimed photographer david lachapelle .
groaning and moaning were apparently heard while doors were shut .
mr cothran claims he fired the gun at her out of self-defense .
the representatives include vice-chairman of west ham united karren brady and former england footballer graeme le saux .
 ` flame ' bug has been used to hack into iran computers .
mcgregor grew up around hunters before veering to the arts .
at that height he would have passed four miles above the summit of switzerland 's tallest mountain monte rosa .
 christmas schedules see ratings battle between bbc1 and itv .
 ` social supermarket ' set up in goldthorpe , south yorkshire , to help families .
 bill de blasio wo n't march in famous irish parade in protest over gay rights .
 richardson highway in alaska has been completely blocked in two places .
recruitment event in romania still asked women to wear knee length skirts .
he was spotted as early as last week in the hollywood hills , somewhere between runyon canyon and the greek theatre .
morgan tweeted what prior said in a ` team meeting ' .
paper chandeliers spin slowly in different directions .
a light .
remains can not be moved until investigations into blast complete .
 nadia lee was banned from feeding pigeons in the street in december 2011 .
westminster council took action after neighbours complained their cars were being peppered with bird droppings .
powerful radar allows them to spot objects 340 miles away .
an american man has been arrested and charged , but denies charges .
comes weeks after houla massacre , where 49 children were killed .
among his recent appearances is the oscar-nominated 12 years a slave .
her hand was trapped and she was forced to stand overnight for 18 hours until being rescued .
decades of hiking and rock climbing around the world likely saved her life .'
however , they have now been dropped and his brother charged instead .'
 suzy o'neill , 26 , from kent , was teased about her wide eyes and full lips .
told inquest she had ` desperately ' applied to be posted back in the uk .
described how colleagues in germany would ` bang on her door ' .
just a single word - ` departed ' - was written in a diary .
in the ambulance , she asked her father if she was still an olympian - and he said : ` of course you are '
2,000 would-be refugees have received support for more than a year .'
 kenneth trotter , 77 , left the uk in the 50s to move to australia .
 cody cousins pleaded not guilty thursday to first-degree murder .
he was burned through the black ` fishnet style ' aerodynamic suit .
she says her husband and tattoo artist have told her how it looks .
 jessica was just eight hours old when she died at southend hospital .
allen has yet to respond to the letter , but he did talk about the allegations in a 1992 interview .
 penny palmer , 29 , suffered from insomnia since childhood .
 leanne bloomfield , 29 , jailed for five years at southwark crown court .
 sean bisset , 18 , jumped into freezing waters at dunbar harbour on sunday .
he had drunk a large and potentially lethal cocktail containing wine and gin .
her ford ka flew 20ft through a fence , hitting a tree and hedge .
 a 20-week scan showed that hope rollings had no diaphragm .
at the same time , match.com saw a 25 to 30 % increase in visitor numbers .
 biathlon center has two tracks for skiing and biathlon .
serbian defender announced he will leave manchester united this summer .
 the ` exosuit ' is being developed by harvard experts for the u.s. military .
she will have fourth round of chemotherapy the day after she arrives home .
he was arrested in austell , ga , and is fighting extradition to ma for trial .'
the group practises spiritual healing and meditation at their meetings .
armed himself with air rifle and imitation gun and ` took cocktail of drugs ' .
devastated daughter describes her mother as ` her best friend ' .
favourite character is edward and she is a robert pattinson fan too .'
is one block away from the barclay 's center , where jay z performs often .
` guns make us safe ' jennifer , washington .
hundreds of bullets discovered alongside guns and other equipment .
more than half the pupils at birmingham school are from ethnic minorities .
she was caught following a three month surveillance operation .
passengers received a 50 % refund and a 50 % credit for a future cruise .
died last month and clock stopped at 8.15 am - the moment he passed .
 vivid cabaret opened over the weekend in midtown manhattan and hosts the tallest stripper pole in all of new york city .
the jury has seen the bullet-riddled suv dunn fired into .
another shows the progress 54 resupply spacecraft , .
boyfriend dean herbert flying back to britain today with girlfriend 's body .
chongqing municipality is a major wholesaler of digital cameras .
the university of chicago and the university of illinois at chicago .
figures put forward by anti-eu right-wing politician geert wilders .
 victor hawkins , 50 , was stuck in traffic in bradford in december last year .
one of the most distant galaxies known according to nasa .
 child , four , pulled from adult pool on norwegian breakaway cruise ship yesterday .
adds that many of their problems would be solved if they had a monarchy .
 heather arthur , 50 , died after she was knifed once by husband mark , 50 .
it shows two toilets situated side-by-side in the same cubicle .
 igor marcin and his brother markek admitted trafficking men into the country .
judge jonathan gosling said : ` in a word , these men were dehumanised ' .
 deeds has spoken out in an interview that will air in full on sunday about the moment his son stabbed him last november .
footage shows about 10 passengers running to the front of the bus for safety .
both crimes took place in graveyard at all saints church , orpington .
google glass has already been used by surgeons , teachers and architects .
cubs were sent to british businessman who then provided them to circus .
 kirsty tierney-jones , 33 drove to a&e fearing she was about to lose baby .
grillo has revealed adam denton-beaumont was her ` rock ' during her trial .
she has reportedly sent him three ` love notes ' saying she still cares for him .
 brit skier chemmy alcott says athletes putting snow in suits to stay cool .
 ashraf islam , 31 , was born mark townley in belfast but converted to islam .
he asked his comrades to tell fiancee zoe and baby grace he loved them .
hammer-wielding robber entered and demanded she hand over cash .
dong created flappy bird , inspired by mario bros , by himself in a few nights .
 jack heathcote , 39 , created a 4,800-gallon tank in his basement .
jurors in the trial at southwark crown court retired to consider verdicts .
ms is the most common neurological condition affecting young adults in uk .
announcement made in a mosque where he was alive and well , praying .
 us bobsledder johnny quinn and teammates nick cunningham and nick cripps were trapped in an elevator monday morning .
body .'
the discovery was made during excavations of the raqefet cave in israel .
he was a sixth-form pupil at a school in croydon , south london .
meanwhile bulgaria has handed 90,000 macedonians passports .
i can kill someone with this ring , ' putin joked , claims kraft .
anderson denies charges and turned down a plea deal .
leanne spends all profits from her dog salon on lucy .
her daughter began being teased at school over emma 's size .
research proves companion animals have ` calming presence ' on autistic children .
maths teacher worked at .
she will play an archaeologist who falls for her brother 's favourite musician .
 matthew walker , 23 , fell ill on december 22 .
he wrote that he was with ` gareth martin , the pikey ' above a picture .
it carries up to 150 workers to and from the google hq near redwood city .
twins predicted they would ` die together ' as they transformed into living skeletons .
 margaret goodwin was woken by a violent eruption from her fridge .
specifications included a 9-inch screen and 128kb ram .
used to make injera , a traditional ethiopian flatbread .'
britain has not released figures but in holland , 21 romanians entered there .  '
 police first called to the washington home of lillian alvarado , 21 , on november 28 , 2014 .
alvarado 's father said she suffers from ` mental disturbances '
 man grabbed microphone from most valuable player malcolm smith .
 attacker shoved the victim 's friend , who then intervened and was attacked .
he was murdered on .
the 38-year-old developed a rare infection and died on january 3 .'
she and her mother celeste also got to meet actor bradley cooper .
tens of thousands of tourists gathered to hear him speak .
scientology ` minders ' supported him after jett 's death in 2009 .
 diego moya , 30 , was walking home from dinner with friends on market st in philadelphia about 11pm tuesday .
 matthew lomaglio was sentenced to four years in prison last week for the molestation of an eight-year-old boy .
22 wrote letters to the judge in support of the elementary school gym teacher .
 discovery could have major implications for treating anxiety disorders .
tessa jowell reportedly intervened in heated argument .
she was at a&e with her 21-year-old spanish friend who is also a student .
brighter and their skin clearer - and they have no plans to stop .
 smoothtooth blacktip shark was thought to have died out decades ago .
in the aptly-named ` sharq ' market , 47 smoothtooth blacktips were found .
she has spoken out about moving on with her new girlfriend , l.t.'
 the report found that john jerry and mike pouncey also bullied martin .
it also measures the angle at which the phone is put against a user 's head .
her boyfriend , cpl sam garwood , 24 , is on fifth tour , in camp bastion .
 kristen smith is charged with kidnap of six-day-old kayden powell .
 crowd-funding site today revealed hackers stole user data but no payment information .
details .
 olivia had not left her parents basement in over two years .
dropped from 42st 8lb to 18st and had 40lb of excess skin removed .'
he has been confined to a state mental asylum in jackson .
charge allows the school to take a portion of sale value to cover fees .
 house in easton bavents near southwold , suffolk , was a mile inland in 17th century but is now just 26ft from edge .
 lee crabtree had been using the internet in attempts to groom young girls .
but he was caught out after mother posed as adolescent in honey trap .
crabtree was bailed prior to sentencing , but warned to expect prison .'
she helped boost local blood and bone marrow donations by 15 per cent .
 tim hall travelled to brussels last year for a four-month internship .
 head of country 's department of mountains announced the cut .
 petra restaurant in chingford has renamed itself the queen .
 28-year-old forced to put cigarettes and cash in bag with gun in his face .
 fast bowler broke rib in second ashes test at adelaide .
 alexandra anne westover claimed a man raped her on the florida turnpike 8.30 am tuesday .
 jamie coots , a pentecostal pastor in middlesboro , kentucky , has been practicing snake handling for over 21 years .
with the score 2-1 , luis suarez was clattered by alex oxlade-chamberlain .
gay and straight couples will be married on live television at the event .
heartache comes just days after being disqualified in 500m for crashing .
cara tweeted pictures of pair hooked up to intravenous vitamin drip .'
 ann-marie noble was told in april that her cervical cancer is terminal .
 while he still is n't exactly clear-eyed , nbc 's prime-time olympics host looked much better as he returned to the network 's coverage monday night .
gonzalez was driving the car and thought the wreck was on the other side of the freeway .
 ed miliband issued a humiliating public rebuff to the deputy prime minister .
after the tattoo was finished the victim was assaulted and fled the scene .
was among hundreds of unusual items blocking sewers last year .
the sounds are set at a frequency that is inaudible to human ears .
 yvonne .
they had sex in her car in a factory car park , a disciplinary hearing heard .
over a period of two years he attended 150 gp and hospital appointments .
none of the doctors was able to provide a clear diagnosis .
` the referee made a mistake , ' russian coach zinetula bilyaletdinov said .
now grunwald is being charged with wride 's first-degree murder and several other felonies as an adult .
it is thin .
he hopes earlier diagnosis will ensure women get the help they need .'
girl 's father ` was told to drop complaints because it could ruin his career ' .
murderer lin senhao claims poisoning the drinking water was a prank .
a chinese court rejects the defence and sentences lin to death .
central london employment tribunal dismissed claims of victimisation .
these ` super shoppers ' are far more likely to research their purchases .
the surgeons cut open and operate on the animal while it is still breathing .
the idea comes from the story of a poor cowherd called niulang .'
police officers in queensland were the first to use zebedee to fight crime .
divorce rates are at their lowest level since the 1970s .
but he will have to wait days to receive documents due to administration .
 survey shows uk economy is one of the most vulnerable to funding .
 only 27 % said they would vote for independence in mail on sunday poll .
77-year-old is now free to marry a woman 50 years younger than himself .
clips show underwear models striking sexual poses and touching each other .
footage was actually taken from adverts by the fortnight lingerie company .'
indonesian ketut pujayasa told fbi woman had insulted him at breakfast .
 premieres to a 7.1 rating and 11.3 million viewers .
she said on thursday : ` i 'm doing really well and i 'm healing a .
prisoner had ignored order to stop work in kitchen when he dropped bag .
 belgian teens want to be pen pals with convicted paedophile and child killer .
 borrowers told to prepare for an interest rate rise in spring 2015 .
owner zivile useckaite , 30 , has bought them an entire wardrobe each .'
daughter julie marsden said : ` i 'm absolutely appalled '
the letters are expected to fetch up to # 30,000 at bonham 's in london .
allegedly stole pink argyle diamond from diamond gallery in queensland .
 gillian and paul mason were travelling home to blackburn from australia .
the soft toy can also have start conversations , chat and tell jokes .
it was covered with litter and faeces with no food or water .
jacket .
scenery rolls by as a player dodges the green tubes by tapping on the sensitive pad , but if they make a mistake the box lid slams shut .
bloomberg reports it will take place during mobile world congress .
 miguel angel ayza gamez could be demoted from list of la liga match officials .
source told mailonline she is a ` ambitious and determined to famous '
she 's ` inundated ' with complaints from residents who ca n't sleep at night .
 autumn-winter 2013 menswear collection was shown at milan fashion week .'
he prefers his mother 's cakes to mary 's the cook said .
inspired by eerie horror movie about serial killer .
as dunne turned , the student punches him and then runs off .
 jack robinson , of denmead , hampshire , only has a 5 % survival chance .
heavy rainfall on friday may have caused the avalanche .
tales with her fictional partner ` chav barry ' have now been published .
added nasa have lost 3 % of those they 've sent into space .
 the pulsar - a spinning neutron star - is located in constellation of carina .
ford f-250 super duty proved the most popular .
honda accord registered as most popular car .'
footage revealed to be joke set up by kimmel and the athlete .
detectives issued the impression with hopes that they can solve the mystery .'
 five men and woman have been charged with conspiracy to commit fraud .
father was finally caught by investigators who infiltrated his lessons .
 team of con artists jailed after tricking around 3,000 mobile phone users .
prime minister elio di rupo is accused of favouring french-speaking zoo .
 wayne rooney has 18 months left to run on his manchester united deal .
was accompanied by her boyfriend , the baby 's father ramiro quintana .
the happy family went to watch the winter equestrian festival in palm beach , florida on sunday .
bowe .
fraudsters then order equipment online and intercept delivery .
companies house ` unaware ' of criminals using their site .
rounded on co-star white dee , who he claims ` does n't give a f *** '
 15 nottingham forest and doncaster rovers fans started fight on train .
 erin willinger , a yoga teacher from new york , met bunty sharma when she visited agra , india in july - they married in october .
pippa middleton and millie mackintosh are fans of aspinal marylebone tote .'
travis , 68 , will attend southwark crown court again on march 28 .
 leanne mckillop , 30 , developed anorexia nervosa as a teenager .
olympic gold medal winner broke down on i 'm a celebrity last year .
miss adlington has been subjected to cruel taunts about her appearance .
pensions minister steve webb to set out plans to prevent lords rebellion .
 jade best , 19 , died instantly when the car crashed into a building .
 rohan rhodes was born 14 weeks premature and needed heart surgery .
albury , dubbed australia 's hannibal lecter , serving life in prison .
 grosvenor place , next to buckingham palace , the most polluted road in uk .
 lisa philips , 36 , admitted theft in october and got a suspended sentence .
her husband raja haider ali posed as her chaperone .
 ephrian myles , 47 , charged with animal cruelty .
 mexico 's richest and most dangerous drug lord joaquin ` el chapo ' guzman was captured on saturday .
teacher , 28 , at his minnesota school .
 three-month-old cub caught bacterial infection after being born .
she said the 33-year-old repeatedly abused her daughter umeko .
 over-the-counter medicine almost cost max brown , 13 , his life .
 incident with academy award nominee bullock occurred last year .
tv presenter was shot in the head on her doorstep on april 26 , 1999 .
the pair superglued their hands together near balcombe , west sussex .
 police stopped woman driving through grantham in lincolnshire .
woman replied ` it hurts my boobs ' and was sent on her way .
thousands attended parties at the ipswich psychic society .
 alba gonzalez camacho , 21 , incited violence against two senior politicians .
it tracks steps , calories and can monitor sleeping patterns .
pensioner said attack ruined christmas and left him afraid in his own home .'
 fast & furious star was forced to live on the streets when he was at california community college in santa barbara .
 duke and duchess upset neighbours with new tiles on mansion .
querenghi , who is single , resigned to save his office embarrassment .
 photographer ian cuttler sala was in the passenger seat sunday when sami hayek lost control of the vehicle and crossed into oncoming traffic .
marsiglia 's family put a sign outside their home to welcome him back .
the homeowner 's association attorney contacted them and told them to take it down .
the association has n't explained to the family why the ca n't have their sign up .
his daughter kelly meloius discovered him and rushed him to hospital .
fire was caused by faulty electrical wiring connection to a fire truck .
 philadelphia couple allison and wes rhoa welcomed identical triplets earlier this month .
ava , avery and alissa will soon be released from hospital .'
at least five passengers tackled him after his attack on the flight from manila to lax .
 mark scalco , a psychologist , creates the images in his spare time .
told elderly royal ` i 'm f ***** ' as he bent double in agony with head down .
player looked up , realised who he was talking to and walked off sheepishly .
the desk features 1,100 feet of unbroken polymer desk surface .
public sector workers to lose out after being hit by two-year pay freeze .
the message referred to a game between kansas city and washington .
ms wolfe and her partner stephanie gosk welcomed a baby girl in august 2 .
 the bronos and the seahawks nfl teams both arrive in newark today .
they are here to prepare for the super bowl on sunday , the first outdoor game .
new generation iphone 5s and 5c believed to be weeks away .
osborne burnishes populist credentials pulling pints in whitehall pub .
 geoff dickson , 64 , says he is tired of being pulled over by police officers .
judged in good housekeeping magazine 's annual contest .
dozens of royalists turned up hoping to see a glimpse of the future king .
mr charles has worked for asda for 25 years and so received the honour .
but in 2003 she failed to tell the authorities her partner had moved in .
after being admitted to hospital a second time , she died of internal bleeding .
school did not report incident until three days after her death .
 insider said old phones are shipped to china where they are stripped down .
they are tested to see which parts are working and pieced back together .
average child spends more time watching tv than at school .
myers confessed in 2001 after he was diagnosed with cirrhosis of the liver but asked kenney not to tell authorities until after he had died .
student described how ` everyone is sad as the school is like a big family '
 krista guarino , from michigan , eats , sleeps and plays with snakes .
 peter robinson claims he has been left in the dark by uk government .
john downey , 62 , had been told he was not wanted by police in 2007 .
 the machinery is being used to mover up to seven million tons of water every day from swollen rivers .
 david tapsfield , 28 , was ski touring when he was killed in the french alps .
 prince of wales and duchess of cornwall visited # 35 million museum .
move sparked protests in city with thousands on the streets .'
the next morning fugitive president viktor yanukovich cut and run .'
energy .
no buyer has been found but the concept has inspired smaller projects .
 obama has made it clear that he wishes to pull troops by 2015 .
brewer faced a saturday deadline to choose whether to sign the bill and enormous pressure to veto even within her republican ranks .
 xu yunyun , 28 , her believes regime is best way to ensure a healthy baby .
 video posted on youtube shows man driving while sat in passenger seat .
then revealed that man is alone in the car and stretching to control steering .
 model and designer twiggy showcases latest range .
 titan lee-hai , 19 , jumped 15 stories into the courtyard of the third north dorm , where he was a resident , at 3:20 am .
 three european women on trial in tunisia for holding topless protest .
the sugar on eccles cakes can catch fire if overheated .
comes as pictures of athlete posing with fans on recent trip emerge .
 model and strictly winner , 28 , is the new face and body of ultimo .
credit card fraud cost the uk more than # 388million last year .'
he has been found incompetent to stand trial and ordered to spend at least one year in treatment .
 sergey bogdanov left with horrific injuries after being beaten in indian village .
the 28-year-old russian said he was attacked after ringing a sacred bell .
attorney over him .
ross-miller .
the latest charges come from new orleans , louisiana , where police have issued a warrant for his arrest .
 the volumes were sold after 11 bids .
police have located the male victim , who suffered bruising to his arm .
volunteers armed with sonar located woman 's body in 7 feet of water .
 mark stephenson , 25 , was part of a group of 20 watching middlesbrough .
 aaron de silva , 21 , stabbed 73-year-old joseph griffiths 22 times .
de silva murdered the pensioner after breaking into his # 1.5 m home .
trading standards officers said the case was one of the worst in history .
the pictures were taken by photographer and ranger jacques matthysen .'
 the arrests were all made in and around newcastle in the last month .
now faces prison for ` sending indecent images to cause stress and anxiety '
and ` tribunal ' .
the couple had two attempts at fertility treatment before conceiving .
but their dog attacked azmat farooq , 37 , as he returned home from work .
 formula one race through london could be worth well over # 100million .
sunderland stand on brink of first major trophy since 1973 .
had surgery to remove persistent red ` pimple ' on her nose .
says she was ` in agony ' after the surgery in december to remove the cancer .
brooklyn nets center collins , 35 , said that he wears no.
jose mourinho is buttering up didier drogba with compliments .
barcelona are closing in on marc-andre ter stegen to replace victor valdes .
 rumoured to allow app downloads for the first time .
he pleaded guilty to the crimes in november last year but had previously blamed his twin brother brian lucas .
 the president confirmed the russian military forces have moved into the ukrainian region of crimea .
he ` realized that he needed help and asked police to take him to hospital - but he had second thoughts there and is now being held against his will ' .
 valerie trierweiler was all smiles at the christian dior womenswear show .
 melody feldsted , 33 , from slough , weighed 16st 3lb and wore size 20 .
replacement had to take the wedding as he was locked in vestry .
exclusive apartment has five bedrooms and panoramic views of hyde park .
 miranda barbour , 19 , says that she is confessing to the killings to keep her behind bars so she wo n't kill again .
imagines famous people in a ` parallel universe ' .
 cameron .
todd willingham was executed in texas in 2004 .
testimony was key evidence after arson analysis was discredited .'
` bomber ' john downey let off as police wrongly promised him immunity .
46-year-old mother-of-two had refused to go for post-work drink with tiffin .
while on bail for these offences , she made further hoax bomb calls .
appeared at westminster magistrates ' court and remanded in custody .
his trainer says he had the power of ` wet linguini ' before .
 dustin friedland , 30 , was shot in the parking lot of the mall at short hills as he protected his wife jamie , 27 , from carjackers on sunday night .
 model , 30 , poses in new eyeko campaign .
 three nepalese men raped a 30-year-old american tourist in june .
 connor sayer , 20 , from doncaster , weighed 14 stone .
family members believe they both died on broken hearts .
 nicholas kapusniak was third-year student in st louis college of pharmacy 's 2017 graduating class .
the bird crashed into the water at speeds of up to 80mph to catch a fish .
he is concerned too many people will ` get stoned ' and not be ` alert ' enough .
 holly bobo went missing on april 13 , 2011 when she was 20-years-old .
danielle darnell , who grew up with adams , told police he made comments about bobo in the past year .
contagion negatively lowers prices for items owned by disliked individuals .'
police found suicide note which said villa ` wanted to die and take her children with her ' .
fans wait hours on line for cronuts outside dominique ansel bakery .
nicole designed it with her statement style and catwalk trends in mind .
shiva is the god of death and destruction and is worshipped all over the world .
also revealed children had easy access to full nappy bins .
meanwhile mcelvaney to pay victim # 93.76 - his estimated profit from crime .
over the same 10 years energy usage has fallen by 17 % , ons says .
 sean gleeson , 26 , was punched repeatedly in wigan on sunday .
58p on petrol and 58p on diesel goes to the treasury in fuel duty .
daily reviews of all domestic abuse incidents .
swimming pool closed on sunday , with bosses blaming its ` slippery floor ' .
 jason smith , 28 , bombarded sarah brett , 21 , with calls and text messages .
the couple refused to pay # 16,000 of a builder 's bill for work on their home .
but they were forced to sell the instrument to pay back their creditors .
 incident happened at around 10am today at a restaurant in the capital doha .
manager barry tomes said he will buy her caravan as break from attention .
the vehicle is now listed as sold on chichester caravans ' website .
but the 37-year-old overcame his fears to help deliver his third .'
he was good friends with whiting , who abducted and murdered schoolgirl .
 john gilligan , 61 , was targeted at brother 's house in clondalkin , near dublin .
partridge , who is 6ft 3in tall and tattooed , currently signed with reading fc .
ticket touts are now using secondary ticket site viagogo to sell tickets they do n't have .
 paul hinton , 38 , from stoke-on-trent used to weigh 20st .
plans to run the london marathon which takes place on 13th april .
aortic stenosis sufferer has been implanted with a next-generation valve .
two months later she learned she was pregnant with twins again .
went to adjust it and found a golf ball-sized lump under her armpit .
 sultan moulay isma\xc3\xafl ruled morocco between 1672 to 1727 and was known as a bloodthirsty warrior as well as a prolific father .
mr hill the agreed to sell the house to mr collins 's brother-in-law .
hoffman , 46 , was found dead on february 2 in his $ 10,000-a-month west village apartment after mixing heroin and cocaine .
the polar plunge benefits special olympics chicago .'
the gunmen allegedly fled in a stolen vehicle .
malcolm turnbull claims comments were not aimed at rupert murdoch .
facing up to five years in jail , he was sentenced to 12 months ' intensive correction in the community .
 gracie , 9 , is in a wheelchair but does n't see herself as disabled .
video shows her screaming and jumping as she sees the billboard .
 irene garza , 25 , was found floating in irrigation canal in mcallen , texas , in april 1960 .
 bright pink pigeon spotted by dog walker in darlington .
 joanna dennehy and gary ` stretch ' richards seen walking hand in hand through strensham services off the m5 motorway .
fiancee dawn gordon heard about crash on hen night and called him .
later worked alongside author john le carr\xc3\xa9 in mi5 and inspired him .
miss scales said she will not stop acting and hopes to die on stage .
development will also have a restaurant and health complex .
he was convicted of fraud in 1988 for swindling his investors out of $ 26million .
owner rosa torres posted flyers , started facebook page to get dog back .
after finding out he was n't going to live to her wedding , she moved it .
krystal married her fiance at the hospital where her father is staying .
moore was on his way to a bar after having drinks at home when he was stopped .
when his wife told him he drinks too much , he told police he was attempting ` drive it off ' .
 theresa ` terri ' supino , 56 , arrested and charged on march 3 at her home in altoona , iowa .
 30-year-old nathan scott savage had been out drinking with his wife to celebrate their anniversary .
daniel crompton , 24 , punched him and asked where he kept his money .
` i 'd give my life for that amp , ' she told magistates .
she was hurt by a bomb which exploded while she was playing outside .
 few of the hundreds arrested by national crime agency have been named .
nca officers arrested patrick rock at his home in the middle of the night .
 naked man was found washed up in on north cornwall tourist beach .
 fatimah lim was accused of stealing two gems and a bracelet worth # 12m .
any attempt to open the case automatically deletes all data and renders phone useless .
 the 25-year-old has reportedly had surgery to remove a bump on her nose .
cassinelli designed them a ` generative garden ' that can ` take care of itself '
parents still fighting for custody of their daughter , who remains in the care of massachusetts department of children and family .'
subway announced last month they would no longer use ingredient at their u.s. sandwich chains .
and david walliam , who created little britain series , is fast catching up .
he fought in world war ii .
during pat 's run , bell wore his army uniform and runners stopped to shake his hand out of respect .
police believe she was murdered , with multiple people involved .
 richard sherman 's parents beverley and kevin give interview in which they defend their son .
but not a terrorist .
teenager was taken to hospital but died in mother fiona 's arms on monday .
norwegian .
 rover 's process for shutting down for the lunar night has malfunctioned .
a lunar night lasts two weeks and temperatures can drop to minus 180 \xc2\xb0c .
police have apologised to the family and said issue was being investigated .'
the mistake meant they set off at 7.44 pm , but did not arrive until 8.03 pm .
 joanne mjadzelics , 38 , had an on-off relationship with the front man .
shepherd was ordered to pay back # 1.25 m by last april but has failed .
can only use it when their child is at the nursery in holland-on-sea , essex .
 u.s. universities take up 46 of the 100 top spots .
 bristol city fan mark saunders has been told he only has days to live .
arsenal are desperate for the return of aaron ramsey .
 tesla has unveiled plans for a $ 5 billion gigafactory to be built by 2020 .
it will increase production of batteries for the company 's electric cars .
they include a fitness tracker and built-in remote control .
say gesture is the equivalent or a hug or handshake in humans .
 new jersey governor was fitted with lap band in february 2013 .
 private george kellett , from yorkshire , penned diary during first world war .
the pair were joined on the slopes by nico 's grandparents .
 self-taught stephanie is only 18 but has been creating looks for four years .
 jeffrey gonano , a project manager at a fire sprinkler firm in pennsylvania , was looking for a picture for his living room .
` he is the no.
the cabins will be placed inside their san francisco headquarters .
 sherissa goodman , 35 , charles downard , 31 , and shayla matte , three , killed in crash on county road j20 , iowa about 5pm wednesday .
 holly bobo went missing on april 13 , 2011 when she was 20-years-old .
the harris children were between two and 7-years-old when their mother went missing and are now all in their teens .
pearson 's mother was found shot dead in her oregon home on wednesday .
one of the defendants named is shahs of sunset star mike shouhed .
 rev.
 rebekah brooks was andy coulson 's deputy at the news of the world .
tests challenged people to evaluate differences in musical rewards .
 sarah and susan wolfe were found shot to death in the basement of the home they shared in pittsburgh on february 7 .
 ophelia gregory took the mensa test in london last month .
 dutch special envoy robert serry retreated into cafe after being threatened at gunpoint by ten to 15 men .
russia ! '
 jasmine joseph , 22 , was last heard from february 24 when she called her mother to say she was studying in college library .
 jodi benchich 's dog went missing 10 days ago and now they have been reunited after the dog was rescued by the coast guard on a frozen lake .
owner said that he broke free from a rope and she had been searching .
police found her body inside her submerged toyota corolla wednesday .
 samyr laine , 28 , born in u.s. to haitian parents .
william francis styler , 65 , and .
the bill was today signed by massachusetts gov.
falsely claimed for dental work on dead patients , or those she did n't treat .
 boy rushed to hospital after finger got caught in the barrier at tesco metro in swindon , wiltshire .
the best friends have been forced to have their gastric bands adjusted .
told the court the girl 's mum had given permission before she bought it .
a # 36 million loan has been taken out to fund construction of the i360 .
the tower will attract 750,000 visitors and bring in # 1 million each year , it has been predicted .
one customer described meal as the ` worst dining experience of my life ' .
she suffers from dermatographia , which is a type of urticaria , or hives .
rachel 's court fight is being funded by jon inglesino , an attorney whose two daughters are her friends .
 car was donated to south puget sound community college eight years ago .
he said : ` hopefully i am not a nutcase - i am either right or i am wrong . '
thousands of south sudanese have been killed over the last week .
 man united and chelsea have agreed a # 37million deal for juan mata .
 ex-president mohamed morsi appeared in court on prison break charges .
he leaves scooter rider for dead and speeds off in jiangsu province , china .
 megan whisenhunt , from fort worth , texas , was struck by a train two miles from her home on wednesday evening .
38-year-old is believed to have fled with his daughter , caitlyn .
 small cormorant spent around 10 minutes patiently diving to catch trout .
 jennifer richmond , 22 , arrested for racketeering ` for her part in orlando prostitution ring that earned her $ 500,000 a year ' .
 florida congressman trey radel pleaded guilty to cocaine possession .
private investigator daniel morgan was found with axe in head in 1987 .
mapps worked for mr tuttle and was staying in his home after separating from his wife .'
 sean hills was caught on camera veering across the a90 near stonehaven .
the 36-year-old was also disqualified from driving for six years .
some japanese banks have admitted to loaning cash to mobsters .
pestered lawrence branyan , blew a whistle down phone for two minutes .
the study 's author 's hope their research can be used to develop effective ways to help prevent stroke .
however , shortly before her wedding ms tea learned the undeveloped child had died and was forced to undergo an abortion .
 the secret recordings were made in 2011 while mr sarkozy was president .
 michael parkes , 46 , was arrested after confrontation by keiren parsons .
investigators believe a had pigeon picked up a smouldering cigarette .
mr maybury said : ` it 's one of those rare foods you never get sick of '
the new series , w1a will focus on the bigwigs of the bbc .
 fast food chain says the fries have 30 per cent less fat than regular versions .
it mimicked the natural heart muscle contractions .
the artificial heart will now be trialled in three more french patients .'
condition also affected his father kenneth and brother philip .
 new competition and markets authority to undertake probe into banks .
191 women with breast cancer assessed at the university of texas .
 royie joseph from petworth , hants , has collected 4,000 pieces in 40 years .
it is due to go on sale in 2015 from massachusetts-based firm terrafugia .
engineers will discuss the vehicle 's development during a webinar .
music .
 nadya tolokonnikova and masha alyokhina were also pepper sprayed .
he will soon be adopted by ms clark 's rescue charity , mutts in distress .
 douglas adams was paralyzed when relatives tipped over toilet he was in .
 iain coucher paid # 7m in eight years with network rail .
 note dated november 15 , 1839 , says he dreams of their hands touching .
relations also damaged by japanese lawmaker 's pilgrimage to war shrine .
all four members of that family were killed in the crash , as well as the two passengers in culbreath 's car .
 ` if i tell you i have n't you wo n't believe me , ' says republican rising star .
the public will vote on amendment to state 's constitution in november .
 actress , 45 , appeared on itv 's this morning to discuss her improved health .
this makes the left side seem more attractive to others .
they say she pretended she had given birth and had a fake pregnancy belly .
 carolyn anderson , 28 , from liverpool , has spent # 20,000 on surgery .
 surveillance footage shows nazih abdul-hamed al-ruqai , better known as anas al-libi being grabbed from outside his tripoli , libya , home on october 5 .
but he was criticised for tweet attacking ` child murder ' and ` land seizures ' .
exchanged high-fives and posed for pictures inside temporary classroom .
they included a service labrador named hooch and a tiny chihuahua .
description said the property needed a ` complete redevelopment '
he took delivery of the motor while on the set of film classic .
 edgar jimenez lugo beheaded four boys in mexico in 2010 .
stunt aimed to show the only way women can get paid more faster .
the beckham family are spending their christmas and new year at complex .
the couple are now spending new year in the sunshine on the turks and caicos islands .
the ref should also have given liverpool 's luis suarez a penalty .
 michael handley , 20 , was taken to the same hospital as formula 1 driver michael schumacher .
 joshua komisarjevsky claimed sexual assaults occurred when he was 14 .
testify .
while inside a german bunker he found a camera and took it .
 valerie trierweiler has won # 9,800 in damages from gossip mag .
she 's waived her right to anonymity after stepfather was jailed for 8 years .
 body of becky ayres was found at home in salford , greater manchester .
 the 3d panoramic camera will be used in esa 's 2019 mars rover mission .
 silver tabby curled up under the coach in westward ho !
was only found after the national express service stopped in bristol .
 dawn pace , 51 , from washington near sunderland , weighed 15st 12lbs .
stray has now found a home following internet appeal by shelter .
england won 1-0 at derby thanks to nathan redmond 's goal .
 jose mourinho was spot on to lay into rival arsene wenger .
 amir khan unlikely to face pound-for-pound no 1 floyd mayweather .
stocks cheaper brand which uses purse-seining net method , it is claimed .
now 9st 6lb and size 10 .
 trafford said health and safety rules banned workers from clearing dog mess .
blades , 16 , in intensive care after taking lethal ` mortal kombat ' pills .
` mortal kombat ' is a red tablet that is stamped with image of dragon .
baby elizabeth , now 15 months , was born after 39-hour labour .
these new technologies could be available in the next few years .
 scientists at the university of iowa say we should write down things we want to remember and supplement the words with pictures .
students were made to listen to beeps to test their memories .
assumed it was mould but later found fruit was infested with spider nest .
 blaze broke out at the bhimsengola slum in kathmandu on sunday afternoon .
believed to have been fired by an as90 gun or an l118 105mm light gun .
it landed less than 300 yards from the paddington to penzance railway line .
 emma denham was leading class when sam mangoro , 16 , collapsed .
 dontadrian bruce , 15 , and desmond davis , 16 , were suspended from school for the rest of the year last month .
thousands of bees were uncovered nesting inside a verizon underground vault .
school must investigate after formal online complaint made .'
he has now taken up scuba diving in desperate bid to find his wife 's body .
took investors on all expenses paid tours of their investments .
 john frost was catapulted through the air after light aircraft cut through parachute strings .
it burst on night of march 11 , 1864 , sending a torrent into central sheffield .
 47-year-old fell under train at wilshire and vermont station in koreatown .
 miami judge ordered video footage of justin bieber undergoing a drug test be made public with blackout of his private parts .
 robin clark , 44 , shot at shenfield railway station , essex , in january .
mr clark left the firm after allegedly harassing mr victory 's daughter .
denying their vote is illegal and there should be a judicial review .
having less frontal gray matter was also linked to having more psychological problems .'
 christopher albano , 35 , was shot dead by his 15-year-old son .
the west londoners are tracking ajax defender joel veltman .
confessed he has thought about starting a family with miss sears , 26 .'
 michael schumacher is lying in an artificially induced coma .
his mother says she will not stop campaigning until her son is given the drug .
 andrew halcrow admitted .
participants take to the streets to hurl coloured powder at each other .'
 valongo wharf in brazil was once the hub of the slave trade .
parents sharon john , 42 , and patrick mullane , 35 , attended funeral today .
 26-year-old killed in suspected hit and run in chorlton , manchester .
interviews were conducted at a local community event called brixton unite .
 new york-based writer believed to have died from heat stroke .
she will now help journalists suffering from post-traumatic stress disorder .
 the couple was seen boarding his 155-foot yacht sunday night in miami .
she was not able to see her baby , or her other children , for eight weeks .
tracks effect caffeine has on the body - telling users how it impacts their sleep .
over 40 cranes were ` choreographed ' by workers during a 30-minute show .
the cranes are being used to build a new 590-acre suburb in vienna .
the firm was acquired by facebook in february for a total of $ 19 billion .
 expert says half the country will be in rented accommodation by 2041 .
up for auction at bonhams auction house in december .
 photos , taken by captain robert falcon scott more than 100 years ago , depict one of the most legendary and intrepid polar expeditions in history .
took place inside the gym at parma high school in suburban cleveland .
bonds have been set at $ 1 million for each of the four people arrested .
her sister said she asked police to do a wellness check .
 two travelers with medical training stepped in to save the child after the baby turned purple on a flight from tampa to phoenix .
in new autobiography she says mr joslin was just a friend and colleague .
 leopard chased baby monkey around a tree in south africa .
message was sent using large teletype machine .
` he 's made a mistake and he 's paid for it , ' says joe 's father ed .
he was angry at having a planning application to turn his pub into a home rejected .
 the gang threatened business owners with castration and harassment .
the three men have pleaded not guilty to rape .'
rain is set to stay away due to a band of high pressure , but met office has issued fog warning for this morning .
 they are among stars to signed up to global citizen 's tickets initiative .
she said find was ` unacceptable ' , especially as it was baby food .
three men are thought to have fled the scene by hailing black cabs .
 olivia langley was on her way to nursery when accident happened .
man wearing hard hat and jacket convinced staff he was co-worker .
sproles signed with new orleans in 2014 .
now he is having issues with his ex wife cameron kennedy who he divorced in 2006 after having two children .
blackwell told davis to bring her step-daughter heather .
says if she wins all of the winnings will go towards a scholarship .
san diego targeted companies that had affiliations with animal testing .
four cameras were found in the victim 's bathroom , three in her bedroom .
the metal worker had recently split from the baby 's mother , jayne marr .
she landed heavily on her lip and pulled every muscle and ligament in her leg .
 edward robinson , 67 , has spent 25 years recreating 100 landmarks .
model village attracts 6,000 visitors a year .
the average for the same time of year would be 444 cases .
a red light on the skull orbic h.i.
several inches of snow forecast for detroit and upstate new york .'
schwarzenegger also pops a 5ft roll of bubble wrap with the tank .
state trooper found 20-year-old 's body in his 1995 gmc sierra parked in saginaw township .
wigstrom confessed tuesday that she killed the baby and that she was the one who injected it with rum in 2012 .
they have now been ordered to repay money or face extended sentences .
flew spitfires and hurricanes and commanded a typhoon wing .'
resort .
he wanted to give his wife the ceremony she deserved on the anniversary .
 driver tim burke managed the journey across manhattan at 3am .
 drunk captain from company iruka hawaii abandons 30 snorkelers at sea .
tomb wall and a temple archway have been damaged .
city was buried under ash when mount vesuvius erupted in 79 a.d.  the popular tourist attraction is visited by 2.5 million people every year .'
` at first he was surprised but as time passed he grew more patient , ' said senior zoo keeper laura weiner .
midfielder was injured against bayern munich in the champions league .
neville suggests ozil is ` finding it difficult mentally '
zakia mccormick , the victim 's mother , said she wants an apology .
 site linked to highworth grammar school was filled with raunchy images .
one of dozens of women who spied for the germans during wwi .'
he also admitted to perverting the course of justice at mold crown court .'
now downey has defended joining the ira in the early 1980s .
fell 43ft and crashed into a metal girder supporting a snow cannon .
 man put down # 11,660 deposit on an audi using petty cash .
two forms of disease flourishing according to royal horticultural society .
the wba were right not to promote gennady golovkin to ` super ' champion .
 john lu passed on a bug that led to five deaths between 2008 and 2010 .
 aubrey lee price , 47 , was arrested on wednesday after pulled over on a minor traffic violation in georgia .
 annabelle harris , 25 , from solihull cut chocolate at age 9 on new year .
arsenal thought he was registered with the champions league squad in the b list for under 21s who have been at the club for over three years .
khobragade is back in india and extradition appears unlikely .'
months-long investigation determined the victim , a professional weightlifter , ordered liquid steroids online in june .'
he regained consciousness from medically-induced coma yesterday .
 thomas south , 20 , hurled cheese bap at a pcso .
 the blog was penned by photography student hannah reilly , 21 .
said she is ` working her life around ' cancer treatment .
 dropped from 23st and size 22 to 10st and a size 12 in just a year .
says losing the weight has transformed her self esteem .'
 trouser suits were all over red carpet during awards season .
lakmas leaves court shielding his face and smiling .'
the splash !
 grayson bruce was being teased by classmates for being fan of cartoon .
different student 's name and ` wrote that student 's name on her papers ' .
the australian-first initiative is to promote lower cholesterol levels .
reece jones , 26 , vandalised staffordshire home of innocent kenneth mair .
 conversations between sarkozy and carla bruni leaked to the press .
but they say they can count real friends on just one hand .
 judge ruled gary watts , 44 , forged deathbed document to take all savings .
the former olympic gymnast thanked well-wishers for their support .
watchdog claims chinese variety are being passed off as french .'
developed by scientists in belgium , it comes in deodorant-style stick .
in 28 days , users noticed a 50 % reduction in length and height of scars .'
 jules wakeham , 31 , has severe osteoarthritis in her arm and leg .
before the operations , she could only walk with insoles and a crutch and her heel was always at least two inches off the ground .'
 duchess of cornwall was accompanied by her son tom parker-bowles .
in britain 5,000 women a year are diagnosed with the condition .
 singer , 25 , is star of nike 's workout smartphone app .
she firmly believes the poisoning from rotisserie chicken is to blame .
 apple 's patent involves a self-healing coating for its iphones and ipads .
the deal will now mean the general would no longer have to register as a sex offender .
reports that attack happened after an argument between food sellers .
 francois hollande , 59 , said to be getting restless with julie gayet , 41 .
 boris johnson and two former chancellors have intervened in tax row .
 conservatives want to make it difficult to provide fortnightly collections .
 help to buy will last until end of decade instead of ending in 2016 .
police and councils say they will be left with ` consequences '
cameron also ` on the diet ' and ` experimenting with alternatives to dairy ' .
clegg has started kickboxing , gove lost 2st on # 2,500 austrian ` fat farm '
 maureen shone , 72 , was found on the floor covered in blood .
she was kept at north staffordshire hospital for 48 hours .
call described teenagers getting into difficulty in lake near redditch .
pronounced dead at the hospital after they attempted resuscitation .
 nicklas bendtner will be fined after he ` threatened ' a taxi driver on tuesday .
 alison glenn , 53 , from cambridgeshire , had severe pain in her jaw .
production .
sat with the eight-month-old on some restaurant steps in rugeley , staffs .
unbeknown to her , stranger took a photo of her and uploaded to facebook .
now qualified in fitness to help other people embarrassed by their weight .
has been told that identical triplet boys are the rarest type .
long gravel driveway leads up to the four-bedroom property but garage is only inches bigger than master bedroom .
digital key is deleted one delivery has been made .'
he split from his wife janine , 41 , and is said to be living away from home .
she slammed hillary clinton 's famous ` reset button ' moment in geneva .
 the executive director of crime stoppers in miami-dade faces two weeks prison for contempt of court .
 the pm and predecessor talked palestinian economy and peace negotiations .
 ann jackson ,57 , first fell for chris jackson , 62 , at a wedding in 1973 .
gang member marlon green then recruited two friends for robbery .
despite dramatic crash , the man was able to climb out the vehicle unscathed .'
 colm mccarron , 35 , collapsed at home from an allergic reaction .
a guard overheard michael jones , 17 , talking about the shooting .
 jeremy hunt intervenes in case of sandra haynes kirkbright .
girls spend # 467.25 , boys spend # 385 .
vows to improve on poor season at old trafford .
his research shows that the image was produced by a graphic designer for a magazine .
 joyce brothers passes away peacefully at her home in new york city on monday .
blue 30 years later mentioning their ` brief affair '
she said she had been taking the drug for two months .
 second is failure for england , they should go all-out against italy .
 pupils lay on ground to laud former alumni who later died in the war .
 this is m&s 's first ever designer menswear range .
lord krebs criticised tv gardeners for encouraging growth of patios .
returning gareth bale set up his second in the victory .
 jamie ness and girlfriend heather noticed their dog was sleeping all day .
scout and sundgren reunited same day truck was stolen .'
of bitcoin in a cover story published early march .
nakamoto has now hired a lawyer , ethan kirschner , and is believed to be fighting for a retraction .
 bull mastiff mauled girl 's arms and legs after escaping from its cage .
 mrs zhao , 62 , was hit on her temple as a child but thought it was a rock .
by the time she tracked down her biological son , she found out he 'd died .
 karen johnson has reaction to preservative called methylisothiazolinone .
admits kicking police officer a few times in broadwater farm disturbances .
tribunal told ms talbot revealed her underwear to staff at the care home .
salsbury was a serving police officer but resigned after his arrest .
gipsy council have branded the comments ` racist ' and ` unlawful '
exclusion of news media 's input was a ` major error '
asda staff being issued with tablet computers to help cut lines .
 darren byng , 45 , drove luxury x-type into brian and susan nuttall 's home .
byng , who was banned from the road at the time , was jailed for 12 months .
he has linked the yorkshire ripper to five other killings , all in the 1970s .
sutcliffe 's reign of terror may have began years before previously thought .
 julia and mark mccarthy were told they would struggle to conceive .
the box used in the photos showed the handset as the htc one .
early favourites include ' beagle 3 ' , after uk probe attempt on mars , and ` starman ' , inspired by the song of that name by david bowie .
it turns images into ` soundscapes ' where shapes produce different noises .
colours are assigned different pitches in the same way shapes are .
 natalie estrella says she found a huge bug on her bowl of soup from a queens restaurant .
 kiannah cox from cardiff regularly started using the f-word at the age of 2 .
does n't like juicing and just takes a multivitamin each day .
but shortly after farah finished the race , he collapsed .
judge has since banned her from visiting arias or any of her other clients .
 woman finds object resembling a fowl embryo in chicken soup .
she collapsed 50 yards after the finish and could not be saved .
 seven men were using the nightclub toilet in salford .
 anthony straight , 49 , from essex , found the nest inside the grill of his bike .
so he posed as her on ` hook-up ' websites for people wanting casual sex .
30-year-old was sentenced to eight years in 2009 .
his 88-year-old widow joyce still runs the service 34 years after he died .
now she has been given notice to leave by bournemouth borough council .
 nathaniel tallman was last seen leaving his colorado apartment on january 23 .
 ruben renderos , 18 , stands accused of stabbing his younger brother in the back , head and chest .
owner sarah singleton , from yeovil , somerset , helped nurse him to health .
it is about four miles away from the famous burial mounds at sutton hoo .
the moment was set up by florida photographer jim zielinski .
the money could be collected when banks open on monday .
he had recorded a ` beyond the grave ' interview with channel 4 in 2002 .
 donna perry is accused of killing yolanda .
 the 72-year-old designer admits to not showering every day .
she has pulled out so much of her hair she feels she has to wear a wig .
on saturday his archaeologist girlfriend was found dead in newcastle hotel .
flooding , heat and migration will affect food stocks and provoke conflict .
chancellor has also started following the 5:2 diet in order to slim down .
 lee andrew price , 30 , was fed up with living in church stretton , shropshire .
by the time coastguard had entered the cave , she had already drowned .
a baby was discovered unharmed inside the address on little green lane .
he was on bail pending further investigation when he was struck by train .'
 women over 50 who were admitted to hospital were more likely to be obese .
the clinic says it makes parents feel empowered and calmer .
 bounty , available for six months , is part of asteroid data .
 amy and becky , 45 , from la insist on being identical in all respects .
says she gets inspiration from flee markets and instagram .'
 vic wild , 27 , married russian snowboarded alena zavarzina , 24 , in 2001 .
police arrested her in san diego in february believing she was a fugitive .
a destruction order was issued for zeus ; the family took the council to court .
his death has been announced before , but not by his sympathisers .
police have closed the case because there was no cctv footage .
rogozin responded to the sanctions on twitter , saying he does n't even have bank accounts or property abroad .
the grandmother runs toronto dungeon which ` has clients from city hall ' .
 nicholas helman , 19 , has been charged with attempted murder and harassment for sending the poisoned card to his ex-girlfriend 's current boyfriend .
prosecutor calls her a ` dangerous , predatory and unrepentant murderer ' .
airport is rising through the ranks in popularity with travellers .'
she did not check the final sum before signing off her credit card .
so when beverley salmon returned to their truro home , he locked her out .
he then locked her into their garden shed - she escaped through window .
 braulia fabia took the oath of allegiance in her bronx home .
family members say he knew the dangers of the canal so they believe he was trying to help his dog out of the water .
 beauty tutor deborah kelly , 47 , was left in agony after having filler .
they are better able to process glucose and are protected from diabetes .'
crawley borough council slammed for spending the money .
 george osborne pledges an extra # 140million for repairs to flood defences .
vonn suffered a devastating injury to her right knee in february 2013 and has since had surgery and requires more .'
 tens of thousands to be spent on eastenders-style design on two floors .
barber from blackpool was on three-week holiday in pattaya resort .
police caught him in an estate with a biscuit tin of bomb components .
 steve elkins took part in the worthing international birdman contest .
he had revealed to her he was in relationship with another man at party .
she told the tabloid that a comedian had gatecrashed prince william 's 21st birthday party , former royal editor clive goodman claims .
desperate to ` get married and grow old with someone ' he overhauled his eating habits and adopted exercise .
promotion uses the slogan : ` are schools in the uk taking the piste ? '
logged by blogger miss l on casting call woe .
 derek johnston , 39 , climbed onto victim 's roof after attempting to rape her .
diana nicholl-pierson and anna mazover say he asked for a threesome .
it details a virtual keyboard displayed via a google glass-style device .
 andrew lester , 30 , confronted while having dinner with friends .
the tiny bear played with its mother as it ventured out of the den .
born at novosibirsk zoo , more than 1,700 miles from moscow .'
runner-up was a samoyed called dan the man , who won the pastoral group .
incident echoes plot of only fools and horses episode touch of glass .
believes that hilary clinton would be a failure as president .
family of 23-year-old are caring for her three-month-old baby and son , 4 , as they wait for her to wake up .'
father-of-three from miami was found six days after being pulled under .
on thursday , as officers were en route to arrest urbina , he is believed to have shot himself at his home .
grayson bruce was being teased by classmates for being fan of cartoon .
 driver jiang tseng , 42 , tried to avoid police by hiding under his cab .
 unnamed spokesman has said that while her company was in debt in the uk it was just one portion of her business .
 attended reopening of historic bulgari store in rome .
a four-year-old child sat down in protest after de blasio arrived 45 minutes late to a thursday bill signing .'
decorator told reporters he was now ` going home ' to call footballer son .
despite alex oxlade-chamberlain admitting it was him , gibbs was sent off .
 jo 's cervical cancer trust has launched the selfie app this week .
after jade goody 's death from the disease attendance soared .
they came from frenchay hospital , bristol , more than 40 miles away .
 driver drove into the champs elys\xc3\xa9es metro station when trying to park .
bale has scored 14 goals and made 17 assists - more than any other player .
 west ham united vice-chairman was awarded a cbe at buckingham palace .
he will now miss the champions league games against bayern munich .
while the orange used by fanta is synonymous with creativity .
garrison accused his sons ' mother of threatening to kill them .
 ema , a brown bear , was rescued from a family in kosovo .
 beverly ann greenagel jailed for 2-degree manslaughter of dane ableidinger .
600 metre stretch of canal remains blocked until tomorrow at earliest .
during mission harry was struck down with altitude sickness .
used their coach business in tyne and wear as a front .
allegedly issued instructions for no spanish to be spoken at the school .
 the shangri-la hotel , at the shard , is set to open in may after a delay of more than a year .
35-year-old stabbed farkhanda - known as jabeen - younis 19 times .
it is not known if family-orientated kate will be joined by her parents .
they lived there for years and passed on valuable information to police .
mother-of-twins shafik will be the second-ever female deputy .
 kirstine hamilton heard about neil trotter 's win while on honeymoon .
 the two french bulldog-schnauzer mixes were missing after amanda denes ' house was burglarized last month .
barkley reveals his heroes were zinedine zidane and wayne rooney .
 andy murray and ivan lendl part company .
mehdi benatia impressed for roma against inter milan .
mp nadine dorries claims her daughter works for less than minimum wage .
professor was heard telling the woman he needed to work out at the gym ` or i wo n't be able to make love to you '
portman has a two-year-old son aleph with husband benjamin millepied .
 jeremy scott and adidas have created bright high-heeled trainers .
anna dello russo spotted wearing them in paris .
20 children have died so far in the u.s. this flu season .
 mike seay received the disturbing letter this week .
incognito is a free agent and martin was signed to the san francisco 49ers .'
estate agents described it as a ` blank canvas ' but admitted it needs work .
it was one of hundreds and comes weeks after a danish pilot did the same .'
she posted photos of the unhygienic act on instagram and twitter .
he was admitted to the hospital while waiting for an mri scan .
 gerald charles ' wife , carol , died of cancer at just 45 years old .
no london locations in top 20 - but best areas are bexley and epsom .
found guilty of her murder and the attempted murder of his grandfather .
neighbours complained it was blocking light into their own gardens .
but he wants his children to have a ` normal ' life and make their own way .
this helped them breathe and the effect lasted up to three months .
the 27-year-old spotted the orangutan and its mother at singapore zoo .
he made threats to stab ms carvalho and her partner angelo paiva , 32 .
he was thrown over bicycle 's handlebars , ending up 30ft down the road .
doctors removed his oesophagus and replaced it with pig skin .
russel carter and his wife are now uncertain about his future .
was thankfully taken in by suzanne marsden , a butcher from manchester .
the actress has created a sex education guide for her own daughter .
this insight could help with the development of new treatments .'
 uk pilots return to raf base after seven-month deployment to libya .'
 pastor kevin ramsby nearly died during burglary at his michigan home .
 footage has caused outrage among human rights campaigners .
looking forward to his return .
 dick starkey , from barnsley , was shot down in 1944 after 22 missions .
suspect was arrested an hour after the shooting because he fled the scene .
hardinge said she made the presenters take off their red lipstick .
 man arrested after violent attack on galway mcdonalds .
emerged scarisbrick has record of offences dating back to age 17 .
 antonio horta-osorio had been working ` like a dog '
red bull salzburg defender martin hinteregger has been watched by scouts of man utd , liverpool , arsenal and newcastle .
labour leader is not included alongside david cameron and boris johnson .
he also insisted that russia had no plans to attack ukraine .
documents were exempt from disclosure until 2013 due to sensitivity .
carpenter , who worked at alpine bank , reported finding pfister 's body .
he was married to 50-year-old princess gabriele zu leiningen , a german .
 actress jane lynch among those who attended service for nancy motes .
 sara goldberg , 63 , and her husband were declared ` suppressive persons ' by the church for refusing to sever ties with her son , nick .
yost , 30 , and wilson both worked at a tulsa quiktrip store .
 ashton nicholson , 11 , was shot dead by his 15-year-old cousin .
 sheri torkington , 32 , ` crashed into laura farnell 's car at a junction ' .
the student also said he saw long sitting in the boy 's lap .
her throat was slashed in november 2007 at her home in perugia .
but when disturbed it reveals the vibrantly-coloured underside of its wings .
thaw played the detective from 1987 to 2000 .
 royal mail due to begin consultations with unions over move to cut jobs .
 last time the flight left on time was on june 1 , 2013 , according to euclaim .
relationship continued after pupil left woodside high school , london .
the male suspect shot and killed a sailor on board the guided-missile destroyer before being killed himself by security guards .
his grandfather john sullivan , who created and wrote sitcom , died in 2011 .
 lee guy , 42 , and his father ronald , 63 , were filmed torturing animals .
he then began writing the names of dead characters on the board .
charged # 300 for 20-minute treatment at dove clinic , marylebone , london .
 brantley farmer was taken off life support on sunday at children 's healthcare of atlanta hospital .
lee , who is not the child 's father , is being held without bond .
other students corroborated the incident sparking an investigation into the teacher .
reporter alicia quarles .
he says the silence from chairman daniel levy is ` deafening ' .
relatives of second world war hero have been angered by the decision .
the prodigy 's first exhibition was at five and is now being paid for his work .  '
aerial footage circulated on twitter - leading to numerous bee-related jokes .
dr gavin svenson of the cleveland museum of natural history in the u.s , searched for the insects in eight countries .
believed to have some of the funds to host lavish parties at mansion .
 john clinton , 51 , had depression when marriage to paula , 48 , broke down .
bequeathed nothing to family - and # 2,000 to neighbour who cared for her .
last year , hilary mantel likened duchess to a ` shop-window mannequin '
her mother was injured in the shooting and is now recovering in hospital .
two men have been detained by police after the woman died at the scene .
 christine bleakley obtained ` shreddies ' for both herself and her fiance .
alleged victim tells court she was molested during top of the pops .
 social media consultant sarah slocum was showing off the high-tech glasses in punk rock bar molotov 's in san francisco on february 22 .
her defense lawyers say she now wants to withdraw her guilty plea .
 pvt.
police captured him a few blocks away with $ 389 from the register .
 brittoni , from toledo in ohio , eats between 15 and 20 compacts a day .
teenager sent online message to her on-off boyfriend hours before death .
she captured the shot while taking pictures of her children .
powell recognised for his near half-century in journalism with doug .
powell joined the daily mail in 1966 , covering 11 world cups .
penicillin was found in products produced by the washington company .
the fingerprints could also be used to tag electronics and drugs .'
other guests included louis walsh , imelda may and a cork fishmonger .
my heart ! '
gigantic wave suddenly crashed over the wall , drenching them all .
but a harmless dye and the glue were mixed up , resulting in brain damage .
 prince and his girlfriend were seen at the shymbulak resort in kazakhstan .
the cigarette caused an enormous fire that nearly destroyed the entire school .
 cat frank held down and shot in attack in holyhead , anglessey .
but the story was just an internet prank set up by ` imaginative friends '
gillette claims the murders were acts of self defense .
ms mackie , 58 , was awarded # 60,000 after the death of her son jason , 21 .
open morning and night to spectators with and without tickets .
 james asquith , 24 , spent a whopping # 125,000 visiting 196 countries .
among the guests was magazine founder hugh hefner , 87 .
but henry 's lawyer said he 's innocent and that bellamar was intoxicated .
john , an raf police officer , was posted to afghanistan for six-month tour .
gained weight after having her children and unhealthy diet .
 department of health says money for pay rises should be spent on reform .
 joseph mafwenke , 38 , sent jodie marsh , 35 , explicit letters , court told .
sent pictures of his penis and photoshopped images of them having sex .
the general teaching council has now removed her from its register .
robert .
public twitter row erupted after restructure prompted corporate divorce .
senator ted cruz called weinstein a hypocrite , citing quentin tarantino 's extremely bloody kill bill films he had produced .
a companion he was walking with was not injured .
 gopher hole museum was opened in 1996 to revive the local economy .
raymond walsh photographed the strange ` macabre ' displays .
researchers at university of leicester looked at 9,306 adults for study .
research found north-south divides and historical boundaries still exist .
panos ' negligence is blamed for at least one death , a 76-year-old woman .
 le vell who plays kevin webster has been charged with 19 offences .
fleury is accused of transferring the money to accounts controlled by him .
3d cameras captured the flight as it travelled over mount everest 's summit .
she praised mr .
barcelona insist neymar is paid less than established stars .
neymar can not be the main man at barca while lionel messi is around .
video shows the mattress come loose from the truck as the bicyclist is hit .
the game between the reds and the kansas city royals was abandoned .
using a 3d printer , a mould was been made of his foot and now a silicone one has been attached .
but the twist is he actually passed and is pranking his irate father .
batsman had issues with england captain alastair cook and matt prior .
kishnor kale , 20 , stole it in the hope it had valuables inside .
 new tablets on sale at health-food chain holland & barrett this month .
it comes after some have accused the cps of a celebrity witch hunt .
he was taken on a tour of a new exhibition featuring roman artifacts .
photos show it has pointy ears , long tail and is missing its fur .
a trapper from ohio has set up cages to try and capture the animal .
 michala hulme found the negatives in the camera , a gift from her boyfriend .
 ron dennis has replaced martin whitmarsh as ceo of the mclaren group .
 pvt.
ali was stillborn after a rare c-section at spanish vet clinic .
charred bone fragments and hazelnuts found at site .'
 minister alistair burt uses speech to warn nuclear terrorism , once unthinkable , is now a real possibility .
 damian green thought he had banned hooligans from entire world cup .
he scored letters depending on their level of use in the new york times .
some claim values are outdated because of changes to the english language .
label loved by princess beatrice and zara phillips .
but a committee of experts found it had been looted from wartime hungary .
one parent said : ` the meeting was a farce .
 manchester united stars said to be involved in multi-billion pound takeover .
her marriage had failed and she had begun a new , ` volatile ' relationship .
 researchers looked at 125,000 fans ' tweets over three saturdays .
tests are being carried out on the heads to determine where they came from and where they were before being butchered .'
 flossie , a ten-month-old cockapoo , helps students in essex .
padlock and handcuffs kept door locked after child learned how to get out .
 james hammonds disappeared after a night out in bristol with friends .
she has accepted the offer , but has not commented further .'
 barend delport , 55 , was caged for six years for the photographs .
most popular post watched almost 3million times with 20,000 likes .
robinson moved into sprung dawson 's former marital home two months after she was placed on sex offenders ' register .
 ex-chief whip reaches out to people who have switched to ukip .
 us researchers test brains of male and female rats in stressful situations .
 michael piggin was just 16 when he is accused of plotting the attack .
he called his wife dayana francisquini ten times before she died .
fought back tears as he paid tribute to family at lambeth ` super inquest '
says home ownership for young people is ` becoming further out of reach ' .
the teen managed to persuade the prince to pose with him this week .
manchester united , chelsea and arsenal are interested in the striker .
the tape reportedly depicts a second shooter hiding in the bushes along the route of jfk 's motorcade .
now she claims the condition has been fixed by simple yoga exercises .'
 google believed to be testing a system that tracks users on the high street .
coroner says experiment went ` tragically wrong ' in recording verdict .
 kutv 's brooke graham passed out during a live report but kept going like nothing happened .
sceptics say climate change is not man-made and question urgent action .
lopez-ruiz was killed after she pulled over her suzuki sport motorcycle in fort lauderdale .
property was designed by amateur artist simon edwards - who spent 13 years and 10,000 hours painting .
 online video regulator atvod calls for urgent change to the law .
laser is fired from a 2w diode and can pop balloons and set fire to paper .'
centrica boss sam laidlaw claims investigation will deter investment .
but company says more men are shaving their bodies and hopes to take advantage .
twins are believed to have been miscarried due to their disability .
images ranged from photos of bottoms to women in their underwear .
cctv shows him following joshua ribera , 18 , before stabbing him .
 one youth attacked another with a machete in islington , north london .
restaurant staff used napkins to stem blood ` shooting ' out of his wrist .
broke the previous record by 10 minutes and did n't stop for toilet breaks .
challenge ended when peter missed the shot and the ball hit his finger .
 new guidance launched on how to avoid breaking age discrimination law .
 the hilarious incident occured in uganda 's ` impenetrable ' forest of bwindi .
boss michael o'leary bringing in measures to stop ` p ****** off customers ' .
this means they do not rely on instructions given by humans .
he compared current legislation to that of 1920 's u.s prohibition .
launched by neal slateford and richard longhurst and worth # 30m .
launched legal bid to force monarch to provide dna sample .
he claimed criminals were born , and had ` primitive ' physical qualities .
 5ft 11in brooke banker , 26 , from has 47inch legs .
nadella , 46 , has worked at the washington-based firm for 22 years .'
 in just one week , the crew of concordia will be left to their own devices .
teaches clients - 90 % of whom are men - how to dress , chat and dance .
current drugs , such as liptor , have been used for decades .
miss hukkelaas is in norway but officials there have said no requests have been made for them to find her .
` it 's an homage to the challenge of life , ' one villager said .
 aidan burley was filmed by the mail on sunday at a nazi-themed stag party .
 since 2010 , 438 commercial and private journeys probed by authorities .
but owner , 43 , says he spent # 60 on poster and it 's a political protest .
he sued accountants for not getting him out of out of capital gains tax .
 buffalo bills star will not go through surgery to treat oral cancer .
rescuers were able to pull boys back to shore in an aluminum boat .'
tracie kirby , from suffolk , was told he would n't live past two .
users can also browse the web while content is being streamed .
people in italy and germany recognised the most modern-day terms .
 a wax inside the mug draws away any excess .
buttercup is a two-year-old pot-bellied pig , weighing 250lbs .
she claims she was made a scapegoat when police botched case .
 neil wilson handed an 8 month jail term suspended for 2 years last week .
sophee redhead , 25 , burst into tears as she was found not guilty of the manslaughter of lydia .
the spears family lives in orlando , florida and they now have custody .
 binky shares her tips on summer 's hottest hairstyle .
 david cameron calls on the whole country to urge scotland to vote no .
 casual duke wears trainers as he runs for 16.45 train from cambridge .
 conservative radio host slammed georgetown university 's sandra fluke .
 lawyers say experts found injuries sustained weeks before the baby 's death .
it is covered with dead animals including racoons and alligators .'
but in his memoirs blair dismissed this ` rhetoric ' which ignored reality .
the leader of cambridgeshire county council has called on him to resign .'
they have # 1,300 in their current account and around # 5,600 in savings .
the sex of the animal was n't actually established until 1994 .
 shane stokowski , 33 , tried to stop a drunk man from leaving the aberdeen tap in chicago on saturday afternoon .
after a block stokowski fell and hit his head - he died an hour later .
claims she remains ` traumatised ' over meredith 's 2007 death .
 drink is legal cannabis drink -lrb- # 4.99 , firebox -rrb- .
 burlesque dancer models her own von follies label .
 andrew sully , 50 , has been named as the pilot of the yak 52 aircraft .
his passenger was flight enthusiast simon chamberlain , 29 , from harlow .
crushed cardboard boxes and products not matching description .
malta , greece , france and romania all lag behind uk 's 46 per cent .
old trafford fans showed their support for moyes , despite a fly-by protest .
 countess made plea at st john ambulance everyday heroes awards .
sue is now being treated for stage-three lung cancer .
he says miss d'auriol woke after operation in a state of panic .
 terrence nyahwa , from orpingdon , had been experiencing heart pains .
the one-in-a-million condition causes progressive muscle stiffness .
she was forced to wait with women discussing optional abortions .
 the band performed a medley of hits with ever-changing formations .
she was unable to walk without the aid of a walking frame .
 the eight letters were written by ` black widow ' mary ann cotton .
he suffered ` life changing injuries ' and is now being treated in hospital .
last thursday an 18-year-old boy was attacked in same area of islington .
 raf 158 squadron lost a succession of halifax bombers during the second world war all with the registration f .
suffered a cardiac arrest days later and died after the clots were missed .
coroner recorded verdict of death by natural causes .
inquest heard she weighed just over 24 stone before opting for treatment .
just start again ' .
at least 1,927 were known to have been sentenced to death in 57 countries .
several clubs are jostling to sign leeds hotshot ross mccormack .'
sport was once preserve of gangland villains and held in gambling dens .
 towie star , 21 , was insecure about his acne and wanted a girlfriend .
underwent # 150 beauty facial to help clear it up .
 lung cancer patients will be denied tarceva because the national institute for health and care excellence has changed its guidance on the drug .
 less than a fifth of voters see him as a pm in waiting .
ruling is escalation of egypt 's crackdown on banned muslim brotherhood .
former tory chairman also defended grant schapps over ` bingo ! '
poster .
 ian chapman , 56 , was twice convicted of illegal waste dumping in tyneside .
he travels to france ` as little as possible ' and wants to die a ` britishman ' .
 tories have been warning that voting ukip will hand labour victory .
 bingo tax was halved from 20 % to 10 % in the budget to boost prizes .
the 83-year-old is in malaysia after missing the opening race of the season .
i 'm backing west brom , fulham and cardiff for the drop .
gareth bale was off the pitch changing his boots as sevilla 's carlos bacca scored the winning goal .
united fans are growing disillusioned with new boss .
he has starred in a series of high profile adverts for samsung .'
pair square up beside wembley pitch where froch pushed groves .'
woods returns to action at the wgc-cadillac championship .
lewis hamilton fourth quickest after setting the pace in opening session .
they found people should use thumbs and pinkies to hold the bottom of bun .
security concerns threaten to over-shadow the olympic events .
particular .'
surgery was performed by doctor not certified by the american board of plastic surgery .
 danielle miles arrived late after night of drinking and missed out on her order .
 families of those with degenerative diseases can apply for care funding .
but even pubs known for violence will be allowed to stay open late .
according to flybe , photographic id is required for domestic travel .
after contacting the mod he discovered the honours were lost in the post .
64 years later mr williams was honoured for his courage and bravery .
platini 's ideas are always to the detriment of football .
this involves having their breasts and/or ovaries removed .
they are also more likely to have a severe case of the disease .
heagney is married with children after dating a convicted killer .
house prices in england and wales rose by 0.6 % month-on-month in march .
obama was presented with a jersey with his name and the number 44 emblazoned across the back - before posing with ortiz for a selfie .
told by doctors yesterday that he is ` quadriplegic ' and may not walk again .
national audit office claim it was priced too cheaply and could have achieved ` better value for taxpayers '
 pippa was spotted leaving the carolina herrera boutique with a bag in hand .
she left behind her 26-year-old boyfriend , josh , 4-year-old daughter lexxi and new-born baby chloe .'
paltrow came under fire for using the term to announce her divorce to chris martin , with critics slamming it as pretentious .
the victim told her mother about attacks but she refused to believe her .
griffiths was ordered to pay # 270 at the north staffordshire justice centre .
 jumpy , is a three-year-old border collie from miami .
warns labour will lose if it offers a ` pale shade of austerity ' .
teenager slapped her across the face with a sea bream without warning .
branches have opened across kent in recent years .
she was with rider karen haslam at the time , who dialled 999 .
in the end it took over 10 firemen an hour to pull her to safety .'
the dramatic moment was filmed during ukrainian premier league match .
but he did claim $ 653,164 in company expenses for private jet travel .
each virtual visit will be timed and can pick up online passengers .
invited friends and fmaily to a party to celebrate claire 's 40th birthday .
hammers have conceded three or more goals 10 times this season .
he wants to raise awareness of his daughter 's condition and the release of his pictures come on world down syndrome day .
 rafael villafane , from mexico city , describes maya as his ` best friend ' .
duchess of cambridge and michelle obama also fans .'
american crocodiles can grow up to 17ft long and weigh 2000lbs .
 flock of sheep captured storming the louvre museum in paris yesterday .
 the shining 's ` here 's johnny ' scene is the most horrific movie moment .
 wading into a 14-foot storm surge during hurricane sandy on monday jon candelaria pulled a trapped taxi driver from his vehicle .
his debut novel painted ladies features a transsexual detective .
 butter by nadia dress created by nadia tarr .
 gardener keith rogers says he prefers unconventional looking vegetables .
they were taken by rogue al qaeda group as they tried to leave syria .
martha stewart stepped in to make a cool $ 1 million for the 30 second ad which was screened during sunday 's golden globes .
 newcastle owner mike ashley grew tired of joe kinnear 's approach .
reports emerge of kinnear claiming he had deal for mohamed salah in place .
kris bradley , 23 , found guilty attacking .
mr green was arrested and ` humiliated ' at way police treated him , he said .
 the alcohol checker case has been developed by japanese firm thanko .
 ex-submariner rodney ` vic ' silvester had just a handful of cousins .
 the remains of andrew and anthony johnson , 63 , were found at their chattanooga home on saturday .
 starbucks bought gourmet-baking company la boulange in 2012 .
revenge porn already outlawed in some form in five other u.s. states .
investigators spent more than 14 hours collecting evidence at home .
 website created by the yamaguchi-gumi - japan 's version of the mafia .
 officers from operation octopod executed warrants on seven addresses across london and the home counties .
michael adams , brother of alleged kingpin , was arrested with wife debra .
school has now sacked rose , who calls herself a ` charming troublemaker '
he was sacked for gross misconduct on monday following a hearing .
sacking unrelated to the video or twitter , devon and cornwall police said .
 george milis , 43 , bought a # 1.50 ready meal from asda for his work lunch .
he was sentenced to six years and nine months in jail .'
 uk brigadier james woodham shook hands with us officer .
workers at mercury yacht harbour in hamble raced to move nearby crafts .
yacht was owned and let for # 1,450 / week by hamble school of yachting .
 emily morfitt , 19 , died when her ford ka came off the road on sunday .
teachers at tideway school in newhaven say they are ` inappropriate ' .
 baby elephant walked into the garden after separating from mother .
 chelsea want at least # 20million for romelu lukaku this summer .
woods hopes to be chipping and putting again by end of month .'
 dr bruce perry says the disorder is ` best thought of as a description ' .
drone was able to enter and exit caves using ice channels .'
 luke convinced girlfriend , rachel , to skydive with him while in australia .
says it 's a little bit if ` gorge-wah ' in a bottle in true nicole style .
 the destinations people most struggled to identify was bulgaria .
 six-mile wide rock hit 300million years ago and left 120 mile impact zone .
 dennis mcguire , 53 , took 26 minutes to die - the longest execution in ohio since capital punishment resumed 15 years ago .
it syncs wirelessly with a smartphone and can track speed and elevation .
water supplies and sewerage operations could be managed from the bunker .
mayor vincent gray has lost his battle to be the .
 official families ' visit to florida will not go ahead , it has been reported .
criminally .
 abc news executives have been in talks with strahan for months .
however he crashed into a bus and was taken to hospital where he died .'
joe biden and barack obama greeted the ladies in washington .
 stephen strassen fell into the huge pothole outside his lincolnshire home .
captain clint dempsey a fan of the ` patriotic design '
coppafeel !
he was also perceived to be undermining coach andy flower .
 ben leo and girlfriend rhian wade were rocked from their sleep by the bang .
only beaten in worldwide poll by bars in jamaica and germany .
admitted dangerous driving and banned from the road for 18 months .'
 ketamine is a powerful horse tranquilliser that 's also snorted as an illegal hallucinogenic party drug .
 peter leonard , 54 , strenuously denied ` vicious , vile and untrue rumours ' .
 popular chinese actor caught up close with tv co-star .
 for more than 40 years bruce farrer got his freshman students to write a 10-page letter to their future selves .
 neil clulow , 50 , able to fly on flight to alicante with girlfriend 's passport .
 business secretary warns of ` imbalance between supply and demand ' .
 michael piggin was just 16 when he is accused of plotting the attack .
 attacks happened after gertrude frankham , 75 , was found dead in her bed .
those sentenced include mrs frankham 's three daughters .
the metropolitan police patrol car was moving slowly through traffic .
decided to lose weight after suffering symptoms of a stroke .
in the uk alone , 12 species are decreasing in number and six are stable .
models colourful and classic range of swimwear .
his wife has bipolar and suffered ` psychotic episodes ' and ` hallucinations ' .
 antony allen , 41 , suffered from hodgkin 's lymphoma as a teenager .
 tiger woods said on tuesday he will miss next week 's masters after undergoing back surgery for a pinched nerve .
 emails contained threats , sexually-charged language and sexually explicit images .
court banned her from daughter but jailed her when she breached ruling .
she travelled from milton keynes with friend to london , where they parted .
skeptics have cast doubt on his story of superhuman survival .
 john churchill commissioned 10 tapestries to mark his victories .
it cost # 60,000 to restore and preserve for future generations .
jonathan westbrook , from mccomb , mississippi , have been identified as among the wounded .
 images show models covered in blood and screaming as man advances .
 chicago 's once sizeable middle class has been pushed almost entirely out of the city since the 1970s .
the oregon man was wearing a t-shirt that said ` drunk as s -- t ' when he was arrested .
her son myron , 16 , entered her .
just had last chemo session and cares for disabled daughter .
it is unclear whether bomb exploded before or after musharraf passed .
 dockworkers on 24-hour industrial action in port of calais .
up to 80 workers are blocking roads and refusing to unload ferries .
 the soap star was arrested at knutsford police station on 10 march .
 kp 's wife responds on twitter to latest cook revelations .
it was the dying wish of a 14-year-old with leukaemia at ty hafan hospice .
he says it is one of the easiest seeds to germinate .'
this allows small firms with .
 royal protection officer was accompanying kate and baby son on holiday .
police officer left documents on ba plane , and staff quickly returned them .
 hadley boberg , 20 , was reported missing wednesday night .
while they waited for paperwork to be completed , crimea was annexed by russia .
crimea has now been unified with russia and all u.s. adoptions have been halted .
the commissioner claims the ` lpga is overflowing ' for women who should be on the cover .
 top retailers are calling for regulations on sunday opening hours to change .
philip davies mp has called for the rules to be scrapped altogether .
the couple have since been offered a new kitchen by south tyneside homes .
however , they feel they have n't been offered one of the same quality .
 garry faulds , 21 , and laura colquhoun , 17 , from edinburgh jailed .
the pc smashed a tumbler in the 34-year-old 's face after brawl broke out .
25 % of women in london 's yoga classes now wearing it .
 paddy murphy raising a part-sheep , part-goat on farm in ballymore eustace .
the drone was built and successfully tested by the university of sheffield .
skipton is also praised for top-class schools and '' buzzing ' high street .
year mr utley admitted ` detrimental conduct ' at tribunal .
 video on extremist website shows man urging muslims to fight in syria .
 seventy year old australian crime scene photographs found in submerged chest have been identified .
thousands of old sydney police crime photos now being restored .'
 simon bramhall ` investigated over colleague 's claims he branded initials ' .
capsule was partially opened and included photos and a letter written in 1966 .
 marie natalie piner killed herself just weeks after being discharged .
one in 25 families are currently in negative equity .
 unmanned rq-7 drone crashed near lickdale elementary school in lebanon county , pennsylvania .
 lyman kenneth morkunas refused to take animal to the vet in arizona .'
 video from 2004 shows a woman exercising with poodles .
 hannah shaw , 29 , and her boyfriend alex douglas , 42 , were drinking at a local bar when they began to argue .
vary from a studio flat in thamesmead to a two bed house in kingsbury .
 new analysis of families comes from the social market foundation -lrb- smf -rrb- .
 mad men star elisabeth moss said she disliked wearing the girdles and bras from the 1960s .
 british born mark lowers , 46 , is the duchess of cambridge 's second cousin .
niedringhaus becomes the 26th journalist killed in afghanistan since 2001 - and the third in the past month .
airline claimed the rabbi was abusing his membership with his complaints .
 provo tabernacle almost destroyed by fire in 2010 .
nicknamed ` chito ' by his followers he sings on stage and preaches on .
dr teleka patrick , from michigan , has been missing since december 6 .
 zurich apartment caters to sufferers of multiple chemical sensitivity .
teacher at school spotted injuries and reported them to the authorities .
participants so far include soldier in afghanistan and a u.s. congressman .
karl and craig dures , who are related to her ex-boyfriend , were injured .
 oscar winning actress , 31 , joins lily collins and julia roberts .
 niijima was formed by underwater volcano in pacific in november .
malaysia airlines boeing 777 was carrying 239 passengers and crew .'
 father-of-two nathan roberts claimed bosses ' policy made him resign .
mother of 17-year-old victim henry rogers says he was a ` natural charmer ' .
but former housemate sara bradstock said that would be out of character .
the expat was competing in the abu dhabi desert challenge .
she put .
striker doing work in a swimming pool in bid to be fit .
her majesty apparently wants kate to look more royal on tour .
the 18-year-old russian can command over # 2,000 per shoot .
since then , food stylists have had to be more creative and thorough .
he had surgery , but surgeons were unable to remove all of the tumour .
he died in a hospice today after completing his bucket list .
although his family think he 's being ignorant , he 's actually filming them .
could it be ? '
 cobbler and gobbler , two 40-pound birds from virginia , were pardoned by president obama last year at an annual ceremony .
 mark bridger , 45 , was on safari in kenya when he took the pictures .
 invites sent for ` samsung unpacked ' event , where firm traditionally revealed new version of its handsets .
the #couplie hashtag became popular in november .
 pamela phillips has been found guilty of first degree murder and conspiracy to commit murder .
she also went to work in a bakery and visited a starbucks and a kmart .'
he allegedly used a home kit to tattoo the children , both under 13 .
when delp , 35 , and janney , 32 , returned home they reportedly attempted to remove the tattoos with a hot razor blade .
 mackenzi camp and her mother chelsi were attacked in their apartment .
witnesses say the man narrowly missed a pedestrian when he landed on the busy sidewalk monday afternoon .'
 tv presenter 's mother magdalena , 67 , and sister jessie , 33 , were targeted .
total of 550ft high and at 250ft up there 's a bar , cloud 23 .
swans also considering dennis bergkamp and ex-chile boss marcelo bielsa .
thirdlove app claims to measure more accurately than a seamstress .'
 professor green using same personal trainer wife used before wedding .
hopkins was drunk and had been smoking cannabis , a court heard .
 nicole malloy was diagnosed with a brain tumour at the age of 11 .
supports amazon 's video service and hulu plus .
 first of a new family of esa satellites launches from french guiana .
 spc.
 will burrard-lucas , 30 , captured family of meerkats in africa .
starting in the south east of the city , they are producing a detailed map of the quarries that will be used to assess areas of rome that are most at risk .
directed a few scathing comments during her speech at walt disney .
the gunners also tracking sporting lisbon defender marcos rojo .
human remains were found inside but have not yet been identified .
 rebecca dagley , 19 , walks in to an asda store and strips to underwear .
esselborn says he was entitled to family medical leave to care for his wife and their two children .
barclay had been working under an alias as a trucker across the u.s.'
 cameron .
a note discovered in case files suggested inmate who claimed willingham had confessed was given a reduced sentence for testimony .
testimony was key evidence after arson analysis was discredited .
the athlete says she was injured when the drone hit her head .
 kim hughes , 34 , awarded george cross for heroism by the queen in 2009 .
 real time host made comments to guests on program .
found none of the 30 interviewees showed psychotic characteristics .
 martin tankleff was tricked into confessing to murdering his parents in 1988 .
 enviornment secretary owen paterson urged shoppers to buy uk produce .
civil servants said a bike would be an ` unacceptable burden ' on taxpayer .
court heard he sent her a text message saying ` you are harsh ' before forcing his way back in just minutes later .
` wet and windy ' weather set to continue throughout next week .
drink charity today condemned the ` dangerous ' video .
passengers wait for the train inside a pod located on an elevated platform .
is the first division i college player to come out .
their affair continued even after murray 's arrest when the teen , then 16 , was found with her at her father 's house in january 2013 .
harjo was presented with the congressional gold medal for his services last year .'
 janice schacter accused lawyer husband ira schacter of being abusive .
mr schacter claimed the allegations had hurt his business at law firm .
pa kettle the bloodhound was a favorite of the chief operating officer .'
boy had taken it into school in the waistband of his trousers .
the 51-year-old is accused of personally pocketing # 50million of the money .
the mother-of-two was left with a cracked jaw in the cowardly attack .
jones and elleni morus , then 17 , were in charge of group of schoolgirls .
the 61-year-old mother of murdered stephen lawrence ` never gives up ' .
 shaun dibsdale spent half an hour stuck in the toddler play equipment .
but student insists he 's not embarrassed , saying ` it 's one of those things '
now , a local sixth form college has been named after the hero .
 matthew rhodes , 39 , was in an accident while stationed in germany in 1995 .
 thousands admitted to a&e for bicycle-related kidney and genital injuries .
a majority were men , injured as a result of direct contact with the bike .
hospital says there was no problem with staff the night of the event .'
say miley would need to travel at over 316mph .'
 eco-technologists have created an open-source project for smart beehives .
took nearly 17 years to build and sits mostly underground .
 british man , 22 , alleged to have been acting for a gambling syndicate .
he will be held in high-security valkenberg hospital in cape town .
 lieutenant edward drummond-baxter , 29 , shot in the head at close range .
she said she would not have described the incident as ` rape ' at the time .
 michael zuk says lennon is ` top of the heap ' of people who should be cloned .
` she is off insulin ' .
 peter barr , 61 , from scotland , was visiting cornwall for a few days .
but when he parked up in port issac he veered into another bay .
a ` minuscule ' chance his left arm will be amputated : thorpe 's manager .
 president michael d. higgins praised relationship between uk and ireland .
 david davis says that tax breaks should be larger for married couples .
his associates fear he may lose the use of his left arm .
 ana trujillo was convicted of murder for stabbing boyfriend alf andersson 25 times in the face with a stiletto heel in june .
 willie robertson tells louisiana rep. vance mcallister to ` work things out privately ' .
he is now writing a book about his exploits explaining his success .'
friday : dry , cloudy and sunny but staying cold with widespread frosts .
 colourful new range launches may 14 .
 andrew morris , 30 , accused of stabbing henry stangroom , 21 .
 matthew partridge attacked motorcyclist james mannion , 40 , in lay-by .
mr mannion had asked him politely for his insurance details after collision .
 andrew salmon locked wife beverley in shed during furious bust up .
 shells made it through heathrow security on flight to chicago .
couple now decided to split to focus on enjoying life .
 bert and mary barnsley married on christmas day in 1943 during wwii .
 karima el-mahroug , 19 , read six-page statement outside milan courthouse .
he smuggles in dvds and usb sticks while posing as a mushroom farmer .
now he says the stress of the ` break up ' means he 'll never dance again .
 karren knight opts for # 3,500 weight loss operation .
her boyfriend , jason hann , 38 has been sentenced to death for the killing .
the footage shows passengers standing on seats and shrieking .
 didi the pig has an uncanny resemblance to the superstar comedian .
chris p. bacon previously used wheelchair made from children 's toys .
but there was confusion over who was responsible for maintaining it .
gary mills , 22 , and 17-year-old matthew putson beat and robbed him .
they were later caught and were handed seven and nine years in jail .
 # 700 high back richmond recliner chair advertised online for just 50p .
he has reportedly started a ` friendly relationship ' with marta jarosz , 30 .
 tanya cotton found guilty of helping boyfriend aaron hinds steal the boots .
works thought to be a # 1billion trove of potentially stolen nazi art .
defends having his wife kirsten on the public payroll in brussels .
she found photo of brian waite on dating site mature free and single .
 luke shinnie 's memory was wiped after he was knocked out at work .
as many as 10 players will be fighting for their old trafford futures .
united chiefs remained in munich to discuss a move for toni kroos .
police found the home in a squalid state , with counters smeared with feces and rotten food in the fridge .
a car that was changing lanes is said to have lost control and hit them both .
 toby batchelor went to chernobyl and captured these bleak pictures showing the site of the nuclear disaster .
the 34-year-old from derby said each day you had to be scanned for radioactivity .
but michael palin rejected the idea , saying he was too busy .
symptoms , including paralysis and seizures , baffled experts .
2014 .
` all terrain vrs mega man-pram ' is described as ` high performance vehicle ' .
kingfishers eat their own weight in fish every day .
 the man , who is thought to be 36 , woke up in oslo last december .
he believes that he was robbed , sexually assaulted and almost killed .'
inquest told ms worrall had been diagnosed with bipolar disorder .
 men think pyjamas are for children but women still opt for nightwear .
new kashmir cell to set up in pakistan pm 's office .
 for their 13 years in power , more than half of appointees supported labour .
she is accused of using those pictures to blackmail her roommate into prostitution .
today , they paid tribute to ` devoted ' son , who ` died doing what he loved '
move allows chelsea more time to prepare for champions league semi .
odds of matching all six numbers are 1 to 175.2 million .
 sony is closing down its pc division to focus on cameras and phones .
pm said allegations ` hugely concerning ' and threatens to prosecute bosses .
 cary collings , 61 , from washington , won $ 55,555 on his first scratchcard .
suspect believed to be employed as private security guard .
last eradicated from the san francisco bay area in 1979 .
based on income and the more one makes , the more likely they are to get .
at least 36 people were burned alive on the highway in veracruz , mexico .
utash was attacked as he pulled over to check on a child on april 2 .
police believe brown was an innocent bystander who got caught in the crossfire .
sidelined for the new york flash season opener against washington spirit on sunday .
baroness lawrence 's son stephen was murdered in south london in 1993 .
 attempt to reintroduce creatures in 19 sites from yorkshire to suffolk .
` we are not used to dealing with media lawyers , ' said sharon cowburn .
 thomas kiely and his wife caroline lewis were jailed for total of 36 months .
ricardo rodriguez is a fulham target if they beat the drop .
43-year-old stole # 68,450 while staff loaded cashpoint , before driving off .
wilson was pulled over by police just three miles into his journey .
team of officials went to ibanda 's apartment in champaign and found it vacant .
keep out ' .
 f1 ace 's old racing rival says he is showing signs of improvement .  '
four-month-old pedigree dachshund , richie , had been a christmas present .
pundit says he hopes to return to public life as soon as possible .
investigation revealed families could be overcharged in bills .
experts say market is now seeing consequences of economic downturn .
 magnitudes of up to 1.7 have been recorded in the area since december 10 .
in this period , 49 have been recorded across the british isles as a whole .
posed for photos alongside its corpse , before boasting about its size .
 clear and sunny with highs of 19c on easter sunday in the south east .
both will help the deep-sea search for mh370 's black box .
` young people must mix more with muslims ' says government adviser .
had been subjected to horrific abuse by her father , it has emerged .
 controversial plans will be subject to a free vote in the commons .
tricia martin died of her injuries later that night .
parents , corey and robin , is suing bnsf railways and pi kappa fraternity .
mother-of-two , from north london appeared in the queen and skyfall .
he was ordered to hold a sign that says ' i am a bully ' from 9am to 2pm sunday .
he then turned her into ` fireball ' with a mixture of petrol and diesel fuel .
one in 15 parking fines successfully challenged , insurer churchill says .
 lessons must be learned from mid staffs scandal , mps warned .
 daniel gordon was caught on camera ripping off the front bumper of a vw campervan .
one of his victims revealed how he was groomed by smith aged 16 .
 katie bryan , 43 , from warwickshire was charged # 2,609.31 by orange .
 john terry reveals he told phil dowd : ` that 's a second yellow card for me ' .
i see him very often and he 's still fighting ' - jean todt .
schumacher .
found women more likely to use drug references .
cheaper restaurant reviews talk about drugs .
service will use existing uber app and use couriers on bike and foot .
 boy had dessert forced into his mouth as he was crying and gagging .
teacher had worked at primary school in launceston , cornwall , for 20 years .
 rio ferdinand out of contract at manchester united at end of season .
ferdinand wants to carry on playing beyond the summer .
brother kevin sherwood convicted of conning pensioner in 2011 .
his daughter had bought app for # 1.99 but the game saved the bank details .
he uncovered a personal picture that mussolini sent to hitler in 1931 .
a woman shouted ` glass ! '
it allows scientists to edit dna with more accuracy than ever before .
 three men pronounced dead at a house in brentwood , calgary , about 1.20 am tuesday .
no charges have been laid but police are not looking for other suspects .
 michael strahan was welcomed on the good morning america set today .
 the adagio in denver will off ` best marijuana colorado has to offer ' .
his mother , tiffany , and stepfather , shannon , found michael just in time .
but asked for new play area to be built at berry elementary school .
catalina clouser , 21 , had smoked marijuana with friends before driving .
was used to hold calligraphers ' brushes , handed down generations .
teenager was hit twice in the head before being taken to hospital .
tricia martin died of her injuries later that night .
his partner of 22 years then read his comments in a newspaper .
 mihela tuca , 24 , nicoleta vasiliteanu , 23 , and nicoleta cengher , 22 , killed .
 the five stolen dogs were found in culcheth , cheshire .
his owner had gone to the pub and forgot to tie him up outside .
 james morley , 13 , was diagnosed with leukaemia in 2012 .
computer simulations looked at how jupiter 's orbit would affect earth 's .
it is currently in use in the netherlands , finland , denmark and sweden .
they intervened when the panda 's hormone levels started to drop quickly .
she was artificially inseminated but lost baby panda late into pregnancy .
he stormed off channel 4 news when repeatedly asked if he was racist .
 homeless people are constructing dwellings in the manhattan bridge .
he was handed 15-months suspended sentence after showing remorse .
four other people - two men and two women - were taken to hospital .
 keighley harris , 21 , threatened staff , attacked police and threatened arson .
 jason bohn , 35 , has been sentenced to life in prison for murdering his live-in girlfriend , danielle thomas , 27 .
 michaela smith was just 15 when she spotted a camera recording her after she undressed in her bedroom .
they are now teaching the dog more elaborate tricks as he gets older .'
 rose chimuka crammed up to 15 tenants in each house .
 april and jeffrey henderson charged with criminal mistreatment and medicaid fraud .
knysz given life sentence for killing state trooper paul butterfield ii .
has been a fox 29 news anchor for four years .
his tattoos are full of hate .'
removed from the wall by youth club who insist it was made for them .
 meari shooting gallery in capital pyongyang has a 50 metre rifle range .
but older players were better at employing new strategies such as shortcuts .
george gets blue colour-coded luggage tags , while william gets red .
highest quotes for a service came from reading and luton .
profits down from .
he sent her messages saying he loved her and begging her to speak to him .
chocolate is dangerous to animals - and can kill a dog .
they asked residents in constituency to rename street in her honour .
welshman has scored 19 goals in his first season at the bernabeu .
 jenna mcguinness , 24 , from glasgow won female title .
scientists studied brain reactions of newborn babies who listened to ` good ' and ` bad ' sounds and found they reacted in the same way as adults .
their mother june thomson , 53 , from fife , says she still feels guilty .
 kate , 31 , enjoyed friendly sailing race in new zealand .
 peter clarke , 58 , ran scotland yard 's national counter-terrorism unit .
 defector claims foreign fighters are being brainwashed by fanatics .
 robert clothier set up sexual liaison with ` mark ' and his children online .
 v&a museum given access to bowie 's archive of more than 60,000 objects .
comes after crackdown on illicit trade in infected meat .
tobon is registered in florida but as electrologist and massage therapist .
barneys ' facebook wall is being bombarded with angry comments .
trayon .
al sharpton has accused barney 's of ` upscale racial profiling ' .
the police also pulled them over and said they were going to shoot them .
to catch up , the 33-year-old entered more than 1,200 mammogram results as negative without a doctor 's review .
she landed on cement floor and was later given an oxygen mask by firefighters .
in 2011 , shriver pled guilty to charges of attemping to spy for the chinese and sentenced to four years in a u.s. prison .
all 49 passenger evacuated from plane and searched again while luggage was rescreened .
the marsupial is one of the star attractions at the marlow animal park in germany .
miley was an 'em otional mess ' following death of dog floyd .
 stunt carried out after 10 years ' practice by yang dong in fuzhou , china .
under his feet was a 13ft-long carpet of shattered beer bottles .
officers handcuffed the 20-year-old , who has mental capacity of five-year-old .
cuffs were then only released on request of medical staff at hospital .
four co-defendants also cleared at hearing in brighton magistrates ' court .
investigators have concluded she was distracted by whatsapp message .
rumours had been circulating online that player was lassana diarra .
couple convicted of 12 counts of theft and 14 counts of fraud .
respected danish photographer captures moment baby is given to mother .
 poundland has launched a range of # 1 tans called anovia .
west highland terrier , from suffolk , froze in fear and could not get down .
 polite family girl from cardiff happy with just a glass of wine on the sofa .
 raymond hull 's fourth-eldest son adrian has just been released from jail .
 julia g\xc3\xbcnthel aka zlata has broken world records for her flexibility .
the flying boat sank during a storm at pembroke dock in 1940 .
 cctv captured the moment ryan veltkamp came plummeting into the shop .
the 24-year-old was showing his parents around his new house .
 chris , known as @gun_collector , holds competitions for his followers .
 hillary clinton 's second memoir will be released on june 10 .
 mcnabb was arrested in a phoenix suburb on december 15 .
tears as she met family members including daughter indira alvarado , 18 .'
 policemen stephen phillips and jason evans were suspected of dishonesty .
judge told them the offences were a ` gross breach ' of public trust .
 david beckham plans to build a $ 200m stadium and entertainment complex .
billionaire car dealer norman braman said there are better locations .
biden suffered a mild stroke in 2010 but now has a ` clean bill of health '
two dog-thieves beaten by angry mob in village in southern china .
zuckerberg , 29 , described facebook as a ` service for the world ' and said its success was down to the fact he and employees ` cared more '
 in a new interview with a german tv channel , edward snowden reveals that threats have been made against his life .
 robert oliver , 58 , spent eight years in prison after the 1985 killing .
 european champions believe they can tempt united 's brightest young star .
 halima jimale , 68 , came to britain to be reunited with her daughter .
coroner suspects truong died from effects of drug or alcohol overdose .
investigation found voigt had history of offensive comments .
 princess beatrice jetted into the caribbean on thursday night .
she joined boyfriend dave clark , 31 , on the island of st bart 's .
fabio capello has blamed england 's poor show at tournaments on fatigue .
former bbc director general once ran # 3billion-a-year broadcast budget .
 high-tech craft was launched at the lisbon naval base by defence minister .
aimed to tackle rising obesity levels by banning sweets from checkouts .
said victims feel their privacy is being invaded by their neighbours .
ended a bad week for mr williams , who is also facing redundancy .'
 cuba 's reclusive former president attended the event in havana yesterday .
 mary price , 76 , was found murdered inside her home in southwest atlanta around 9am friday .
 vanessa james is the daughter of bradford housewife marina chapman .
the two men are still missing and have not been identified yet .
ministers want to use technology to spread the word on universal credit .
attacked people with ` gay habits ' claiming they should be ashamed .
he then told the officer that it was syrup to control his low blood sugar .
 comments will fuel criticism of government 's welfare reforms .
 olivia and mother touched down in scotland today .
steven elliott , who served with the footballer , fears he fired the fatal shot .'
 new mother zara seen cradling her three-month-old mia .
the blairs were enjoying an easter break to malaga , spain .'
moyes calls defensive mistakes ` rank and rotten ' .
the war ravaged african nation fears some congolese orphans could be mistreated in america .'
southampton determined to get shot of pablo osvaldo this summer .
amber pruchniewski said her four-year-old daughter came home with several and that she found a white pill in one of them among jellybeans .
the video has now been removed after being viewed 10,000 times in a day .
 emma watson is known for playing hermione grainger in harry potter .
 tim preston-werner resigned on monday from github , a programming network used to share software codes .
biden 's visit comes on the heels of a sunday shootout at a checkpoint in eastern ukraine .
he faced trial last august but was acquitted on the charge of complicity to murder and one count of tampering with physical evidence .
 jenni bazard tweeted picture with a man she thought was arian foster .
this week the real foster met with miss bazard to pose for a photograph .
 a driver opened fire on a family of four in their suv on saturday night in south houston .
the friends told her parents that they were drinking and doing drugs .
 cameron diaz says she is excited to be getting older .
crackdown ordered by the financial conduct authority -lrb- fca -rrb- .
chief martin wheatley warned of potential problems in the short term .
report published by left-leaning demos think-tank .
 prisoner says he is being ` denied ' his right to follow jediism .
 a car carrying four passengers burst into flames in tottenham , london .
 sunny the golden retriever got her head stuck in a gap in the wall .
 milly smith , 6 , was suffering from chronic granulomatous disease .
says the coach he allegedly uses has an impossible task .
 leonard webb , 68 , has been charged with murder of a 64-year-old woman .
 paddy woodhall , 27 , was taken to hospital but later died .
the australian footballer died today with his family at his bedside .
 in one experiment , people were willing to pay # 24 -lrb- $ 41 -rrb- more for a watch if they read a negative online review that included a marker of politeness .
 cats and dogs are treated more like people than ever before , says author .
$ 1.6 bn contract with nasa for a series of future supply missions ; third commercial resupply mission and fourth visit .
sobkow said they were staying for ` increase in wages ' and ` more jobs '
the organizations helps animals stay out of shelters by helping struggling owners .'
 elizabeth hurley , 48 , took to twitter to reveal her mansion was infested with mice .
 one bedroom cottage is owned by steve and judy van-den yssel-richards .
designed for couples , it comes complete with a shower for two , a courtyard and an open fireplace in the living room .
calls on rich muslims to offer rewards for killing western diplomats .
 mita duran , 24 , often tweeted about working extremely long hours .
 elvis hatcher , 18 , a fraternity treasurer and it expert , died after hanging himself tuesday .
 grace ford , 2 , was found unconscious in her crib with her mouth taped shut january 9 in plano , texas .
 doctor anthony seldon has produced a report on uk schools .
seldon says wealthy parents should pay up to # 20,000 for state schooling .
 shirley clohessy saslow , 41 , charged with domestic battery .
botox is most commonly injected around the eyes and forehead .
 thuringia police tested 33-ton steel vehicle in mock demonstration .
 napster co-founder , 34 , reportedly plans to help fund political candidates .
he is believed to have assembled a team of respected political advisers .
 video emerges showing first-person point of view of blue angels .
 g7 countries to hold talks on how to improve energy security .
were riding down dirt road in country 's south when they were ambushed .
police called to stop bishop and 40 campaigners in witney , oxfordshire .
 the campaign was launched by pancreatic cancer action in february .
 dominic grieve , the attorney general , said some are afraid to admit faith .
73-year-old died on bathroom floor after waiting two hours for ambulance .
he appealed , saying they had been given an ` unfair summing up ' by judge .
put out a plea on facebook and appealed for help on twitter .
the incident took place at the royal gwent hospital in south wales .
 smiley face was discovered in a poem written by robert herrick in 1648 .
this spurred him on to change sex .
 coleen , 28 , launches 26-piece collection for littlewoods.com .
 eric hill was paragliding from a utah mountainside in highly turbulent conditions when his parachute collapsed .
the median u.s. income - $ 18,700 - has barely changed since 2000 .
 michael barbera is accused of killing teenagers as they herded cattle .
asked if it was his best ever shot , durant said : ` we lost so it does n't matter '
 us president barack obama makes his first trip to israel of his presidency .'
 will straw tweeted a picture with members of the britannia coconutters .
 the 2013 miraval goes on sale online on friday and will be in shops and restaurants around the world next month .
duke and duchess of cambridge paying for soft furnishings themselves .
but on wednesday the hole reopened and has now grown from 25 feet wide to 65 feet wide .
the five-year anniversary of ted kennedy 's death is this august .
 the students attended greeley 's monfort elementary school in northern colorado .
melton ` wanted revenge on the district attorney who 'd locked him up ' .
 donna , 34 , models little bird range for qvc .
says she snacked too much after giving birth to ariana .
tasked with learning how to make emmental - the dictator 's favourite .
bank of england hailed ` building momentum ' on way to ` full recovery '
this is 96 times slower than the fastest street in dronfield , derbyshire .
he was on parole for a rape at the time and was sentenced to prison for the murder .
 david haye was reportedly stopped by police for speeding in west london .
the pub has since hung the flag of st george , england 's patron saint .
argues a ` strong and enduring friendship ' will continue if scots leave uk .
 prime minister and chancellor side-by-side for the first time since election .
 gill to help united chief woodward appoint next manager .
the german midfielder 's contract expires next summer .
35 % sunk 10 or more alcoholic drinks .
after the op his heart stopped and surgeons had to open his chest again .
they managed to start his heart but had to leave his chest open .
 nasa revealed that high winds on the red planet have cleaned to rover 's solar panels .
found players reaction speeds began to slow at 24 .
he was driving model girlfriend jesinta campbell 's jeep at the time of the incident .
cops said ` swatting pranks ' are becoming increasingly common .
tank can hold five gallons -lrb- 19l -rrb- of water which is heated by the sun .
mrs olokun-ola pulled over on what they thought was a hard shoulder .
 a zonkey is the foal of a zebra sire and a donkey and are very rare .
 isabella sarah tennant last seen around midnight on sunday .
` trusted family friend ' being held as person of interest in city of niagara falls , new york .
 captain hyrum bronson uses scuba gear for surprise homecoming .
 child charged with manslaughter in death of brooklyn foss-greenaway .
hit dire financial troubles and customers were left without presents .
18-year-old honor student mikayla perlotto 's boyfriend , ethan gleason , will be 22 on the date of the prom .
he was thrown out of wednesday 's game after the umpire found pine tar on his neck .
the company is replacing all batteries for affected consumers .
ever professional photo shoot and it was used as a prop .
michael strahan debuted last week as a contributor on the breakfast show .
she joined slimming world and set up alvechurch road runners club .
 ryan bolash and friends caught a huge hammerhead shark off the pier at lauderdale-by-the-sea .
but ms royal denies the allegations saying it 's a ` ridiculous rumour ' .
accused of abandoning her two children before going on the run .'
she was previously jailed over her nine-long obsession about mr giles .
but mr king , from preston , lancashire , was given just # 15 compensation .
 men should not have to be the breadwinner , deputy prime minister will say .
she struggles to walk , and even talk , because of the illness .
 sarah keating was left in chocolate mousse box on freezing night .
it was transported to the station yesterday by the dragon cargo vehicle .
this could make the reactors resistant to earthquakes and tsunamis .
the 24-year-old played for martinez at wigan in 2010-11 .
the walbrook tributary runs under the middle of the city of london .'
manuel pellegrini is losing the mind games against jose mourinho .
with others .
main chilli ingredient capsaicin can be fatal in large doses .'
 a return to standing terraces will bring atmosphere back to football .
 father-of-three lance valdez was the only person who died in the crash .
brenna gray testified that she expressed concern about her husband but the doctor continued to prescribe him xanax - gray 's ` drug of choice ' .
 capt.
 it will take more than six months to unearth all the woolly mammoth bones .
cory wride , 44 , and critically injuring deputy greg sherwood , 38 , in utah on thursday .
 sam notaro was holding out behind his six-foot defences built out of mud .
 megan garland , 29 , had sexual relations with two students , one aged 14 and the other 15 .
massachusetts does not have the death penalty but it is a federal case .
 balmoral estate is a scottish retreat owned and paid for by the queen .
 scores of inmates still on run from tanjung gusta prison in medan .
three of 22 convicted terrorists have been recaptured since the escape .
the sun is currently reaching the peak of its 11-year solar cycle .'
she will return to her duties in the police force next month .
 melinda sayers , 37 , told firefighters she saved herself and her two-year-old son from a house fire april 1 .
 baby arrived during rush hour on interstate 595 in hollywood , florida about 6.30 pm yesterday .
 matt bevin is running for the u.s. senate in kentucky .
it has bedded down in shrubbery in the middle of a fast-flowing busy road .
fire broke out at lowcostairportparking.com car park in newbridge .
but doctors say they ca n't remove it - and he fears he may lose his foot .
300-year-old gilt bronze statue of hindu god shiva was valued at # 80 .
the former florida governor would be vying for the republican nomination in the 2016 campaign .
 ` spooky ' woman , 30 , sent letters and photographs to neighbour .
hospital spokeswoman apologised urging ms murfitt to get in contact .
 lilly the springer spaniel bolted from her owner 's side while out for a walk .
 christopher brassington furious at hearing restauranteur seeing his ex .
 anne tingle 's sister esther sent her a letter through the post 45 years ago .
jurors told over 330 messages hacked from kimberley quinn 's phone .
 thomas james died at home after he was given sedatives by the nurse .
ring is made of silver , was originally plated in gold , and bears a huge swastika picked out with rubies .
suffolk south mp blasted for earning # 400,000 from green energy interests .
pygmy owl pictured in the snow is smallest species in europe at just 7in .'
 girl , 19 , arrested at an address in gloucester yesterday evening .
bailey 's stardust will include 250 of his most famous portraits .
 neil tulley , 54 , found stabbed in house on tuesday morning .
water police began search after finding their abandoned boat adrift .
 william vahey , 64 , allegedly abused up to 60 boys at leading private school .
at the time he was a teacher at southbank international school in london .
the pcc has spent nearly # 200,000 moving her office to the police hq .
but it is thought the couple are staying together despite the attack .
she explains that the simple pleasures of gardening lifted her from despair .
 ben arfa short of form and fitness since turn of the year .
driver was n't hurt in smash near wakefield , west yorkshire .
he eats cockroaches , caterpillars , lizards , dragonflies , spiders and ants .
child with violent tendencies identified in court as ` student x ' .
his story was shared by millions across the world on the internet .'
she claims she suffered emotional trauma after hitting brandon and two of his friends as they cycled down a road .
passengers in the car say he jumped on the hood .
the boone county sheriff 's office placed the deputy on leave while investigating the incident .
rufty was flown along with the severed hand to wake forest baptist medical center and placed on blood thinners .
huff shot the woman and the cop returned fire .
has taken over 1,000 images , shown for the first time in his book .'
 38 per cent of britons compare their back garden with their neighbours ' .
 peter doutch , 44 , dead after light plane he was flying crashed into home .
 lyn rigby is ` heartbroken ' party has been allowed to use her son 's name .
their highest scorer was their number 11 , who managed one run .
magdalena luczak and mariusz krezolek each serving at least 30 years .
 cctv footage allegedly shows ranger slapping and punching a woman .
was stunned to discover entire front end of her ford fiesta had been taken .
thought repairs to the vehicle may cost the 58-year-old around # 2,000 .'
project creators said they wanted to give children basic information .
as few as one in 1,000 secondary schools in china give sex education .
20 % rise in a year of number of young travellers wanting to work abroad .
he called changes to the way is physical education is taught ` worrying ' .
 lisa bowden , 40 , moved into two-bedroom council flat in october .
there are fears it could affect the ` fairness ' of upcoming stuart hall trial .
 tornadoes with winds of more than 111 mph touched down in parts of eastern north carolina on saturday .
dozens of people were injured and more than 200 homes were damaged as the storms touched down in pitt and beaufort counties .
 the pope beat teen singer to most re-tweets in relation to number of followers .
 judy rodrigo fought insurer state farm for almost six years for damages after her neighbor 's corpse ` exploded ' .
trailer ' .
she called friends and family to announce the pregnancy rather than writing anything on facebook or social media .
 nicholas winton , then 29 , spent his 2 weeks vacation in 1938 traveling to prague to see how he could help save people .
she commissioned a segment on the ` myth and power ' of shoes for radio 4 .
cold air will continue moving south , covering most britain by the weekend .
 banks encourage card use as cash is expensive to transport and count .
her handler lance corporal kenneth rowe was also killed in the attack .
 katie hill , 25 , was told at her 20-week scan she had 2.5 stone cyst .
neighbour and friend roger bamber found the collection and 30 images are set to go on display in brighton in may .'
 designer 's range for ann summers lands in store on may 1 .
her older sister ellie fairfax , 33 , offered to be a surrogate .
site stated that they 've seen lecturers join .
he is now working with tech firms to develop the product further .
the couple allegedly had cocaine in a private suite at the racecourse .
used as second world war pow camp and as a women 's jail - where keeler was held in 1963 .
 the crash happened earlier this week in southern china 's guanxi province .
the woman , who was n't wearing a seat belt , smashed through the window .
banned from birkenhead town centre and from meeting with some friends .
but david has now abandoned them in order to start a new life .
 gavin soto was only 11-months-old when the tornado took his life .
downton character lady rose dances in prince 's arms at her ` coming out ' .
 experts say victims will have strong claims for damages in civil law suits .
thorpe 's manager said he has recovered very well and will be out ` in days ' .
mr lawson , from swindon , was later told never to return to work .
wells won # 250,000 on the lottery in 2008 but the couple claimed they only had # 800 savings .
 designer john wright came up with the new glushu design .
gutted virtually all of vehicle 's interior to make way for animals .
she is fattening them up with bamboo to be eaten or turned into fur coats .
it is also believed to cure baldness in some parts of china .'
the other winning ticket was bought in maryland and has not yet been claimed .'
he said justin punched a hole in the wall after a dispute .
study claims rodent numbers double when large animals are removed .
later that day he texted a friend that the group was lost .
 comedian blew a raspberry when told he had parkinson 's and cancer .
magic johnson said : ` commissioner silver showed great leadership in banning sterling for life ' .
 anna soubry calls for an end to binge-drinking in the armed forces .
 business secretary vince cable defends privatisation to mps .
 philippe coutinho is set on wining the premier league title with liverpool .
 a french advertising executive has re-imagined vintage adverts .
students who were encouraged to do well performed better in gcse exams .'
dubbed wise j085510.83-071442 .5 , it is a so-called brown dwarf star .
 the footage was filmed using a gopro hero 3 on a phantom quadcopter .
during the three-minute clip , the drone navigates through explosions .
 nikon has announced the winners of its photomicrography competition .
believes crime writers are doing a disservice to police .
 letters say accounts are being closed following a ` review ' but give no other explanation .
abc news reports that the administration 's line was edited 12 times .
2005 .
 sculptors hid ` trademark bunny ' in the ear of nelson mandela statue .
pretoria officials demand the rabbit is removed as it ` mocks ' late leader .
i have learned there are no .
each had a rental value of # 65 a month and the row was valued at # 75,000 .
 eiko ishizawa , from amsterdam , created the bear sleeping bag .
 j.d.
the men and a former student ` raped a student in a moving car on april 13 '
 marvin a clark was 75 when he disappeared on a trip to portland , oregon .
 model and actress , 21 , unveiled as june 's uk cover girl .
ebay sees sales of yellow items soar by 95 % .
susannah reid and emma stone both wore yellow dresses recently .'
george 's responses good both with other babies and bilby at the zoo .
 manchester city found to have breached financial fair play .
the average house price in london is now almost # 415,000 .
all were aboriginal and police now say were victims of a serial killer .
 plenty of fish , tinder and match.com most popular methods .
he then crashed the truck before fleeing on foot across fields .
speaker bercow slaps down cameron and says : ` you have finished '
the defendants fled but the victim managed to call police on his mobile .
 real madrid beat bayern munich to reach the champions league final .
luka modric pulled the strings from midfield and assisted the first goal .
 ken andre , 35 , a doorman from weymouth , is one of the uk 's only ninjas .
there has been no official announcement about the service and it is unclear if the plans will launch in the uk .'
each jar held 50 litres of sweet wine , which was precisely made by ancient canaanites in 1,700 b.c.
 iain duncan smith vows to cut benefits for those who fail to turn up .
firefighters showed up in time to save all the dogs inside .
cleveland said he did n't think photographing women 's underwear was illegal .
police say the lincoln memorial is a hotspot for voyeurs .
he has been jailed for 13 years after being convicted of 13 counts of rape .
 the 1982 world cup took place as uk fought argentina over the falklands .
magic had been highly critical of d'antoni 's coaching style .
 the bbc sold the site to developers for # 200million in 2012 .
 judge claudio hellmann has condemned report by italian appeals court .
duration of restraint described in court as ` unnecessary ' and ` excessive ' .
the 36-year-old 's heart and lungs stopped working after the incident .
appeal court upheld verdict - but reduced sentence from 20 to 18 months .
the five-bedroomed house has a beautifully landscaped garden and comes with its own fishing rights .
it builds tiny microchips that can be used in small , flexible devices .
also stops the bike when it has run out of battery or it 's out of range .
she has now launched a marketing campaign to try and sell her home .
the experience is compared to riding a rollercoaster at a theme park .
lewis hamilton wears yellow helmet because he dad told him to .'
but other scientists involved in research campaign to be credited for work .'
her and her husband admitted to five charges of cruelty and neglect .
by adding a ` k ' at the end of the word it changed the meaning .
 former pennsylvania senator rick santorum was in new york on monday to promote his new book .
the mummy was found covered in black liquid and missing a heart .
it is a rare cancer of the developing nerve cells but common among young children .
 baby who was still born was taken to lamb funeral home .
gagging order was made by secretive court of protection .
ms bolton says her plans for a new beginning were destroyed .
but tribunal said there was no sexual discrimination at eaterie .
 emma chartlon , 30 , bought goods online with her mother 's bank card .
she lied about having cancer so that men would offer to marry her .
kerry hilton , 32 , had been saving up to go to lanzarote with her parents .
sharon hayter , 55 , and stephanie owen , 29 , killed at home in merseyside .
owen was jailed for life after pleading guilty at liverpool crown court .'
included three cotton-top tamarins - one of the smallest primates on earth .
 clayton barker , from oldham , greater manchester , died of asthma attack .
but the 999 call handler thought the situation was less serious than it was .
welshman is not sure if he will stay on as a player or coach at united next season .
 ann hunt from aldershot , hampshire , did not know she had a twin .
elizabeth hamel was tracing family tree in portland , oregon , usa .
 designer unveiled spring/summer 14 sportswear collection for adidas .
russian billionaire abramovich now in relationship with dasha zhukova .
 rusty the red panda disappeared from his enclosure at the smithsonian national zoo in june .
investigators initially discovered two victims , one 13 and the other 17 .
staff member at manchester piccadilly railway station raised the alarm .
gave them alcohol and drugs before forcing them to have sex with men .
9,000 homeowners a month will see value of their house top # 1million .
child was taken to hospital with fractures , but is in stable condition .'
 the images were taken by french neurologist duchenne du boulogne .
in imola , there will be races in honour of the three-time world champion .'
 cara is set to appear in sky tv drama timeless .
 study found snobby staff make shoppers want to buy more .
mr walker says he is ` eternally grateful ' for the help they gave him .
 megan huntsman , 39 , was charged after her estranged husband found the dead body of an infant in their garage .
 supports grows from 4.5 % to 15 % in one year .
 monserrat aguirre was taken by a white man as she played with friends .
they treated the sailors on-board saturday and sunday .
former transportation secretary for president george h.w.
is to republish his book on the couple where he will outline his proof .
` memphis belle ' tribute fenced off when libyan soldiers relocated to base .
he will now be investigated in a ministry of defence probe , a source says .
` show them what my god can overcome , ' says woman who lost both sons .
one policeman was hospitalised after a cow spooked and ran at him .
 ukip leader struck by egg as he arrived in nottingham on national tour .
this follows nasa 's announcement to land humans on mars in the 2030s .
 princess and long-term beau dave clark dined at marylebone restaurant .
 princess wore # 15 bikini from life 's a beach on holiday .
she told her ex she was being followed before she called her father , saying two men in a white truck grabbed her .
edinson cavani is also wanted by the old trafford hierarchy .
but the racehorse has temper problems and broke a trainer 's nose .
it comes after rooney had to retire his last two horses after poor results .
 liam knight suffered brain damage when he was pierced by a metal rod .
two girls bragged on social media they had invited the guilty teen .
by comparison , republicans trailed democrats by two percentage points in 1994 and were tied with democrats at this point in 2010 .
he was originally charged last year with assault but authorities have now upgraded the charges .
father heard laughing as she struggles to make it to the top .
 temperatures set to hit 21c with the best sunshine in the east from london up to lincoln .
staff and a few lucky customers then devoured the ` record-breaking ' treat .
 vidic departing old trafford after eight years to join inter milan .
hull boss steve bruce reckons united would be foolish to let giggs leave .
next season 's kit will be predominantly white with ` blue pinstripes ' .
change echoes southampton 's move to all red with white pinstripes in 2012 .
 eden dzeko has scored 24 goals in all competitions this season .
engineering firm says it will develop glowing lines version 2.0 .
two nasa astronauts are currently on board the station .'
 prince george 's first official portrait is a break with royal tradition .
he was seen with a new beard and his left shoulder was in a sling .
the swimmer undergoing treatment for depression but feeling positive .
 jasmine mitchell , 33 , rammed a police car and fled as officers tried to arrest her in san pablo on april 29 .
a statewide manhunt is on for her in california .
california patrol highway aircraft officer shot video of him from 2,000 ft .
 tapes from 911 calls made involving alleged incident with 49ers quarterback colin kaepernick released .
 mike fountaine has the world 's largest collection of mcdonald 's memorabilia .
students past and present held a poignant one minute silence .
hudl phone is expected to cost # 250 and will be out before christmas .
fiancee laila rouass tweets ` the two ronnies are fine ' .
 joanne berry alleged to have posed online as someone with a rape fantasy .
 amanda spencer , 23 , befriended young girls on the streets of sheffield .
 the baby panda was captured cuddling its mother at vienna zoo .
he says cub was very active but kept a close eye on his mother .'
 the unidentified woman joins in with children in a suburb of rome .
vidic was given a rousing send-off on an emotional night .'
the episode was filmed march 27 .
 bungalow bought cheaply in 1920s on dorset 's sandbanks , when it was feared surface was too unstable to live on .
lymphohistiocytosis .
entire ordeal was caught on camera by wedding photographers .'
 half-mexican vanessea stiviano spotted celebrating cinco de mayo .
 eight acrobats injured on sunday when platform for ` hair-hanging ' stunt collapsed in rhode island .
robber was unconscious when officers arrived and later died .
 diren dede , 17 , was shot dead a week ago in montana .
 sir peter newson-smith jailed for five-and-a-half years for indecent assault .
third allegation made against ex-saints player in new orleans .'
it now expects its third consecutive full-year operating loss .'
 the fbi miami field office agent is being held on anti-terrorism charges .
scientists will examine how they work together in low gravity to find food .
family suspects walker , who went missing 10 weeks ago , was murdered .
 raynor manalad was killed trying to quell a fight at a house party .
 43-year-old kristin hopkins was stranded in her car for five days .
smith iii posted facebook rants in which he declared that he was god .
tampa court heard recordings today from when schenecker was brought in after their bodies were found in 2011 .  '
afterwards his parents were given a note from the family of the anonymous donor .
 cops used information on the receipt to track down robert short , 54 .
paradise destination costs the same as an ex-council flat in london .
the also add that the cargo ` was n't tied down correctly ' .
 boy suddenly appears in front of car on busy singapore street on friday .
 sales figures have risen by a modest 5.3 per cent to # 798million .
 manchester city beat aston villa 4-0 to close in on the premier league title .
lower tiers could feature b teams from premier league sides .
the troubled club owe sport capital , a company associated to former director david haigh , # 1m .
 girls unveil ss14 capsule collection for lipsy .
priced between # 32 - # 65 .'
during the same period , one in 250 indian-trained doctors were struck off .
ms robertson is urging people to join the anthony nolan donor register .
not with those in portugal .
it was part of an emergency shipment of stamps commissioned by the postmaster and printed by the royal gazette newspaper .
 heavy showers expected today , tomorrow and into the weekend .
 colourful new range launches may 14 .
 us researchers found that politicians voting liberal increased drinking .
 the montreal canadiens defenseman scored the game-winning goal in double overtime .
teenager estimates he spends # 1,500 a year in the chain .
he managed to reach the whippet , named charlie , and picked him up .
 flower foods ' pac as not given to a democratic candidate since 1994 .
 violet hinrichs was caught on hospital surveillance video squeezing infant son danny until he passed out .
he was already wearing an ankle monitor from a previous battery charge .
 youtube clip shows two dogs ` playing ' a banjo and a mandolin .
video posted by bluegrass musician cameron owens .
could raid joint accounts even if only one account holder owes money .
she died of bronchial pneumonia on january 22 last year .
 1,658 people complained about channel 4 's daily broadcast of the call to prayer .
luis suarez was left in tears at full-time .
 the duchess of cornwall toured the new medical centre at raf leeming .
celebrities have joined #bringbackourgirls social media campaign .
girls were kidnapped on april 14 by islamist militant group boko haram .
camera analyses the direction the fish is swimming in - and controls the car accordingly .
 seema malhotra wins with 8.6 % swing from tories .
a judge has now rewarded his honesty by giving mr amarsinghe $ 80,000 .
guilty of murdering her brother and nicole brown simpson .
nearby building work being blamed for causing the collapse .
 spanish newspapers say it 's all over for real madrid in la liga .
skipper describes the conditions as ` the wettest i have ever fielded in ' .
at nine months old he underwent four-hour op to correct abnormality .
 melissa had always been overweight and bullied for her size .
students enjoy a first-class restaurant and an ice cream truck - for free .
 roger pratt , 62 , was murdered on the caribbean island st lucia .
in order to attend his girlfriend 's high school prom on saturday he was told he needed to wear a surgical mask .
pandora 's box is often marketed as ` herbal ecstasy '
convoy ' .
 the us airways jet was flying from venice to philadelphia when emergency declared .
 hundreds gather to protest ban at utah 's recapture canyon .
he said he had his face ` smashed ' before the offenders left .
school officials , however , say everyone in the class will have to take the final .
the tattoos are temporary and can be applied to the skin with water .
currnetly the tattoos are sold in packs of four and cost about $ 14 per pack .'
billionaire says he has been studying latest treatments for the disease .
it is a major industrial and shipping centre with a 500,000 population .
 malaysian businessman tan changed cardiff from blue to red in 2012 .
 mail on sunday revealed ukip candidate calling for all immigrants to be sent home .
 businessman alan brunt bought the 29-acre plot for # 280,000 last year .
 the kayak-enthusiast had been enjoying a day out on a river in south wales .
 pig statue sold in charity auction to matthew unger brown last month .
blame rent increases related to world cup for driving them out of their homes .'
 gosport mp caroline dinenage put # 3.95 pack of cards on expenses .
shadow women 's minister yvette cooper says schoolgate is crucial .
 up to 49 % of people who have never visited france think it is too pricey .
 bruce from california is presented with the package for his birthday .
 real madrid star forced off after just eight minutes of wednesday 's clash .
brendan rodgers wants to bolster squad for champions league .
villa parade emailed her to cancel booking day before reservation .
days later the couple received a letter from south holland district council .
the couple were warned to tear it down or apply for planning permission .
a friend of goodwin 's admitted that he was in fact the one who posted it .
nswrl officials did not accept his testimony and still banned goodwin .
naira was in the apartment with three other children - all under the age of 4 - and one of them was another one of covington 's sons .
 the superstar forward said no member of the sterling family is suitable to own the clippers .
focus of this year 's canstruction contest was around the world .
 jarret clark , 18 , was found found drowned in fort gibson lake .
gilliland 's ford fusion took to the air and burst into flames during crash .
 nasa astronaut rick mastracchio delivered a pre-recorded address for students graduating from the university of connecticut 's school of engineering .
shop featured on a 2010 episode of bbc2 's mary queen of shops .
dogs trust charity is opposed to breed specific legislation .'
more than 300 schoolgirls were snatched by militants last month .
 norwich board accept responsibility for relegation .
weight spiraled when he turned to comfort eating to cope with divorce .
she took to a crowdfunding website to raise the rest of the money .
 thousands of video gamers have used an online programme to help scientists map neurons in retinas .
a third body , a woman , was pulled from the water sunday .'
it is alleged he took part in a bisexual group .
instead it pledged to include the feature in any sequels to the game .
church apologised for window display and removed it this morning .
says he was warned by both ` friends and enemies ' not to make the movie .
 natalie bader , from pennsylvania , has reconnected with her birth mother , colette brasseur , 23 years after she was given up for adoption .
luke shaw could follow lallana out of southampton .
the attack in high wycombe is not thought to be a random shooting .
he is accused of using advanced knowledge of sensitive government data to ` predict fluctuations in the australian dollar ' .
 stephanie gribbin accused of posting pictures after she was hired .
doctors at frenchay hospital , bristol , feared he would not survive the night .
the toddler was abducted from her father 's home on saturday night .
 tamerlan tsarnaev was found with a ruger p95 9mm pistol after he was killed by police .
one woman fainted due to the the ` sauna-like ' conditions .
 larry flynt made a rare public appearance on mother 's day .
other ingredients include shrimp , cr\xc3\xa8me fra\xc3\xaeche and smoked alaskan cod .
the event , which beat a record held in thailand , saw 1,000 participants have a simultaneous massage for 15 minutes .'
shows beyonce as girl with pearl earring , virgin mary and the queen .
dresses as natalie dormer 's character in her free time .
club offered # 80,000-per-week , sagna wants # 100,000-per-week .
manchester city , chelsea and inter milan all interested .
 jacqueline coltman , 42 , accused of attacking six guests at friend 's wake .
activity takes place in the white sea in karelia , northern russia .'
but insurers spotted photo of jewellery on fianc\xc3\xa9e 's facebook .
 rochelle bathew hated her 32b breasts - saying they made her ` depressed ' .
 cctv footage captured the horrifying moment a toddler slipped between the train and platform at a melbourne station .
 discovery made by archaeologists working on the thameslink programme .
david cameron and boris johnson appear together on campaign trail .
 ben o'neill had a ground-breaking and live-saving operation in march .
 five nasa observatories have taken unprecedented images of a solar flare .
 the great hamster of alsace is an endangered rodent species from france .
farmers in france have been ordered to grow alfafa to attract the animals .
it can then move objects like nuclear waste containers to safe locations .
he finished a three and a half year prison term earlier this year .
spencer was arrested as he arrived at a meeting set up by the officer .'
 chihuahua was rescued by california highway patrol on friday .
 tamar stitt died in 2009 after her parents turned down chemotherapy .
comes as merger discussed between comcast and time warner cable .'
 hayley stringer , 29 , was found dead next to her ex-husband david in walsall .
all produce is made from fruit and vegetables discarded by restaurants .
sterling made a series of disparaging remarks about johnson in his monday interview with cooper - the first since being banned from the nba .
sheriff 's in putnam county , georgia have ruled out any involvement of organized crime .
 paintings sold on a day of fierce bidding at christie 's new york city branch .
 reed , 23 , was ` foaming at the mouth ' during the argument , the court heard .
` our mum would have been very proud of him , ' said sister .
however it has been removed after complaints over its lewd content .
 azamat .
was worried that her size was hurting her seven-year-old 15 hands horse .
the pair were to hold crunch talks about the united legend 's future .
 nemanja vidic accused patrice evra of neglecting his duties in the defeat .
vidic was sent off in the 3-0 loss to liverpool at old trafford in march .
was celebrating with friends at dream club in sopot , poland .
used mobile app to send ` disgusting and offensive ' images to colleagues .
 widower james douglas-home , 61 , had ` suffered depression for months ' .
the 6ft blonde had long dreamed of a rugby career .
graham dalton says some major roads now have a target of being 40 mph .
a 14-lane stretch of the m25 would be tunnelled underneath the runway .
police probe launched after ex-wife tammy baillie reported him .
 duchess of cambridge has given pearls a contemporary edge .
the # 200,000 shoes were designed in birmingham by christopher shellis .
 brittany huber , 23 , was killed on impact when fiance john redman , 25 , lost control of his lexus on interstate 85 in meriweather county , georgia .
they show a baby gorilla monkeying around with his mother .'
the 85-year-old slammed prime minister tony abbott on live tv .
indigenous model ms harris was not in court for her fiance 's sentence .
tonight his family have revealed he is back in hospital in birmingham .
he thought komba kpawiki and josephine foday were ` joshing about ' .
she ploughed into laura percival in her front garden in winklebury , hants .
he told mailonline : ` she has to get used to being away from her street ' .
sporting full beard and gold dress , she performed rise like a phoenix .
the singer , 27 , was immediately backed on twitter by celebrities and fans .
at one point , moreno sent a picture of wiggles , emaciated and starving to death , to his ex .
labourer from helston , cornwall , got back up and did some breakdancing .
knifeman followed victim to deserted spot before stabbing him eight times .
perpetrator .
 the new price of $ 399 begins june 9 - but bundle has no kinect sensor .
a ct scan has revealed what appears to be a foetus inside this case .
 aaron hernandez will be arraigned on two additional first-degree murder charges early next week .
x-rays revealed the pup had been shot with an air rifle .
men are more worried about having bad teeth than going bald .
sheriff 's office is investigating and murchie is on administrative leave .
he had suffered .
miranda , flynn and extended family visited her on thursday .'
the mother-of-one was raped by a ` family friend ' when she was a teenager .
today gang jailed for 31 years and 10 months at stafford crown court .'
 christopher davies , 40 , caught dealing heroin by officers in gloucester .
jose mourinho is keen to keep lampard at the club for another season .
everton 's ross barkley is my young player of the year .
 dr richard hughes , 60 , was admired by his patients at portsmouth practice .
but fowler says that the welshman should have been given the job instead .'
sir frank williams claims senna had the potential to be president of brazil .
shortly .
his wife of 62 years shirley has disappeared in a suspected kidnapping .
the mayor stopped to chat and pose for photos with locals .
dangerous dogs act now allows charges over attacks on private property .
it is said that she played the piano for him .
mr pringle admits he took ashes and will not disclose their whereabouts .
 cbeebies presenter ben faulks has built up an army of .
believed he was standing between two carriages as smoking was banned .
 the life of lady katherine ferrers was turned into the wicked lady films .
the presenter was reporting on the lord rennard investigation at the time .
 alex and marie were a couple while at school together .
print has been revived by frida giannini and appears on lady lock bag .
it affects .
wind patterns and can trigger both severe floods and drought .
 liverpool trail manchester city by a goal difference deficit of nine .
the frenchman has just 12 months left on his contract at real madrid .
 the third woman was attacked on hope street in brunswick on friday night .
 carrier pigeon won the dickin medal for his efforts in world war two .
should have asked permission before developing the land , council says .'
was found at a friends ' house outside of seattle .
took new baby out to watch daddy mike tindall win at rugby yesterday .
amanda gave birth to baby isabella on tuesday .
at&t already offers a tv and internet package with directv .
dr snow examined mass graves in argentina , bolivia , peru and croatia - often helping build cases against the governments who carried out killings .
she was at heart and soul religious festival in edinburgh .
many readers of graphic fiction are young women , say authors .
cox was extradited to miami and faces a charge of interference with child custody .'
pediatrics .
nintedanib has been shown by researchers to slow the disease progression .'
 mother moya gave birth to her cub at wildlife safari , oregon , on may 8 .
 damai and his brother rizki were found wandering alone in kutai national park on the east coast of borneo .
now she and husband ala , 27 , whom she had met on facebook , are broke .
decision sends its share price down 13 % to # 42 each as markets open .
thomas moffett , 51 , from blackburn , lancashire , was on temporary licence .
could be ban on mortgages of more than four times buyer 's salary .
ms willacy has severe arthritis which seriously restricts her mobility .
 level 6 exams test 11-year-olds with material designed for 16-year-olds .
former bond girl is renovating # 900,000 house in cheltenham , gloucestershire .
cypress trees , described as ` iconic ' by neighbour , have now been cut down .
england captain will be forever remembered for lifting 1966 world cup .
moore 's daughter roberta says the figure ` really captures his smile '
when confronted , a tearful miss ram apologised to the chelsea defender .
premier league unlikely to sack scudamore after sexist emails .
 abbey , 28 , unveiled as new face of veet & scholl .
asos selling design for # 35 .'
 elizabeth ashmore had a headache and could n't stop shaking .
 shoppers at tesco extra in slough will be offered a one-minute test .
draft nice guidelines encourage more home births for second births .
 johnny fedora wanted to discover what the bugs would do to his skin .
delegates will also debate the ethical and sociological implications .
 shirley dermond was found friday dead in a lake from a blow to the head .
16.8 million is the most visitors london has ever received in a calendar year .
execution reportedly ordered by her ` boyfriend ' kim jong-un .
couple , who were married for 25 years , were victims of arson attack .
 parents say their children were mistreated at marnebek school , melbourne .
parents accuse education department of a ` cover-up ' .
 sergeant louise gibson , 43 , vanished from her hometown on thursday .
restaurant says it is working with council to address the problems .
 unverified video allegedly shows khabib nurmagomedov wrestling bear .
 tatiana shmyrova accused in court of being at heart of ` ruthless ' sex ring .
the retired librarian , mother-of-two and grandmother from ellington , connecticut , died an hour later in hospital in february .
brenden 's mother jennifer says the bus driver is not to blame - and she is a victim of the tragedy , too .
 front window of stiviano 's beverly hills home smashed about 11.30 am monday , police say .
he still lives on , we still do what he believes is right , ' orin said .
comes a week after a moroccan man risked his life by making the journey .
the cost to claudia mccorkle to hire judy for four hours was $ 4,500 .
evans , 19 , has a gay brother - and was about to take up job at council .
 inspectors sent to examine two upright banners in cheddar , somerset .
 tabby called oliver was snuggled inside mercedes-benz sprinter 316 .
shows the .
the exhibition , which also include skeletons , will run until 7 september .
 jitters in labour ranks after tories secured a lead in several polls .
comes weeks after footballer alexander merkel was stuck in similar attack .'
drivers are members of rival unions and have different political allegiances .'
pele tips spain and germany to do well at the tournament .'
 sale sharks star preparing for international comeback .
stuart lancaster 's england are touring new zealand next month .
finest moment came when he won the world cup for england in 2003 .
 new zealand captain was offered over # 100,000 to fix games .
 19 per cent of 2,000 holidaymakers drink before they 've boarded flight .
wanted to embarrass his son and increase awareness among parents .
pla 's unit 61398 in shanghai identified as most likely source of attacks .
her former boyfriend , timber company exec andrew miller accused wehby last year of ` stalking ' him .
she said .
already has 400 stores in china and has the second largest market share .
it looked the same as her pet tabby billy , so she quickly buried it .
but he 's still getting paid more than # 5,000-a-month by education authorities .
germain ibrahim fofana , a 27-year-old frenchman , is now being hunted .
coastguard scrambled a helicopter to winch the man to safety .
 two thugs walking through bradford when they spot black and white cat .
 ian mcauslan , 68 , admitted charges relating to indecent images in 2004 .
but his relationship with allardyce has deteriorated .'
in addition to tracking , inmarsat is also offering a position reporting tool .
in another image , this touchpad is shown on the rear of the handset .
brought tulips to congratulate van gaal when alkmaar won eredivisie title .
cast member bobby has hated flying since he was a child .
28 prisoners will be trained to serve diners and cook meals .
over the past five years , she has given herself a six-figure salary which is higher than the average pay for heads of non-profits .
it disputed republicans ' numbers , but said it has no ` concrete ' numbers of its own .
she had to have shards of glass removed from close to her left eye .
 car drove off the road , through a neighbour 's fence and in to the back of pat mccarthy 's home .
 nicho white , 43 , was involved in an accident on friday in kerobokan .
murder probe launched after she was pronounced dead in hospital .
the backlash from students is around cuts to education funding in budget .
mr abbott will meet with victorian premier to sell government 's tough budget .
isaac grace , 29 , contacted her and agreed to meet her in an econo lodge .
 jacqueline gomez , 17 , was not breathing when her boyfriend woke in their hotel room in houston on saturday morning .
quattro , a stray , was attacked on may 7 near a school playground in paterson , new jersey .
the anonymous user also alleged that the owner smoked drugs .
 silviu prigoana , 50 , has split from adriana bahmuteanu , 39 yet again .
 the two brothers threw punches at each other at the bronx zoo in new york .
 jem bakalej claimed for daughter grace despite her living away from him .
net migration stood at 212,000 , double the tories election target .
they said original sentence did not give enough weight to combat stress .'
signed up to residential summer school by mother christina sadler , 45 .
if that 's the case , occupants may have died in the week before ve day .
pair were separated for 37 years until being reintroduced in 2007 .
ms moran was working her first shift at room 32 in preston , lancashire .
she wrote that a female chaperone told her to leave because her dress was too short and her dancing was too provocative .
but if it was pegged at 60 % of average earnings it would rise by 60p .
she had also been starved to brink of death - with waist of just 18 inches .
made light of the killing , describing james as ` dancing on train tracks ' .
freelance journalist took her own life at her home in carmarthenshire .
 mikel arteta has just 12 months left on his current deal with arsenal .
new .
sea anemones use venomous darts to stun or kill their prey .'
researchers carried out experiment in recent indian election .
wayne rooney 's family attends england training on wednesday .
the washington redskins have been in an ongoing battle with the patent office over the use of ` redskins '
118 people were killed and 64 are wounded and being treated in hospital .
the photographer , joe wigdahl , announced he would donate half his prize winnings to her family .
webb will be sentenced in september at reading crown court .'
yet a state medical examiner deemed it was a suicide .
first started the ritual on a trip to poland together in 2011 .
detective says the clothing is not believed to be miss o'callaghan 's .
conyers can still mount a write-in campaign in his heavily democratic district .
she allegedly grabbed him by the throat , leaving red marks .
when the interview was shared online , cuban was branded a racist .
 latest : lib dems have 404 seats , down 284 .
jonny wilkinson will join borthwick in retirement after the cup final .
liverpool 's sturridge not impressed with chamberlain 's efforts off the pitch .
greg dyke 's b-team proposal already looks dead in the water .
go on to model for fitness brands and sports fashion brands .
aussie favorites by peters include drumstick , billabong and connoisseur .
 leo sharp , 90 , has been sentenced to three years prison .
i think my .
have mattered in ' 07 .
labour mopping up seats from tories across the capital .
 lucy may plugged her e-cigarette into her phone charger overnight .
she says she could have been killed if not woken by sound of the blaze .
 nathan tinkler hands over control of the knights to the members club .
the premier insists he was taken out of context and was referring to the way another mp thought about people in logan .
 nicho white , 43 , has arrived at melbourne 's the alfred hospital .
he now performs as the great herrmann in his 1920s-themed circus act .'
 social media site agrees to block ` blasphemous ' tweets in pakistan .
more than 60 lorry loads taken to pm plastics recycling firm for chipping .
 photographer snaps ufos flying over bondi while taking photos of a storm .
admitted to locking him outside in the cold and feeding him vile meal .
he said he spared him jail so he would n't be banned from working in care .
mother was found to be in possession of cannabis at the time of her arrest .
spawned viral campaign to ' #givegregtheholiday ' which trended on twitter .
 police identified the attacker as a 21-year-old second-year student .
morris blamed mr stangroom for the break-up , and plotted to kill him .
 arsenal wags post pictures celebrating gunners ' fa cup win .
leicester tigers and england prop will have surgery next week .
in reading , berks , that capt paul horrocks flew plane with a .
a friendly black labrador joined them on their journey in uruguay .'
his victims , aged between eight and 50 , lived up to 2km away from him .
 cosmeditour , based in queensland , is offering cheaper boob jobs .
the bavarian has been heavily linked with a move to manchester united .
 letitia pepper and others were clapping during a city council meeting in riverside , california last year .
 yusuf yerkel was pictured attacking a protester at demonstration .
 alisa thiry , 49 , said she is a ` successful journalist and businesswoman ' .
a coast guard who had assisted in burgoyne recognized and contacted him .'
 charlie casey thought to have .
the 53-year-old conman has been jailed for three years .'
new chief comes in as 20,000 military personnel cut in years up to 2020 .
the dane was on court in paris preparing for the french open .
 ryan giggs set to be assistant under louis van gaal next season .
england manager believes he could organise them over a few months .  '
 arjen robben says he is happy at bayern and wo n't leave this summer .
man united were linked with a switch , but winger says there is zero chance .
 krissy , 21 , has been homeless since coming out to his family aged 12 .
she says dentists then continued to refill them rather than crowning them .
manufacturers pay licenses to host apps such as bbc iplayer or netflix .
 the average gamer 's face was created by a london-born photographer .
the remains were discovered on may 10 .
joins oliver cheshire , jamie dornan and david gandy at agency .
mercedes record fifth straight one-two finish .'
the embryo split into three and one of these three then split again .
shooting reported to the independent police complaints commission .'
jonathan bowling , 22 and ashley foster , 22 , were both jailed for his murder .
 judge masipa ordered the sanity tests after pistorius ' defence claimed he suffered from ` anxiety ' .
 three students at aldo leopold charter school died friday in a plane crash .
 amazon has stopped pre-sale orders for titles published by hachette .
contradicts canadian claims that the sport was invented in the country .
one thug launches a huge rock at the victim before another urinates on him .
he then shot himself dead at his home in boxted , near colchester , essex .
friend said he had dementia and his wife had been diagnosed with cancer .'
convicted on friday of indecent assault and he admitted another offence .
 benefits street star showed off wad of notes at birmingham pride .
 spurs confident of appointing mauricio pochettino this week .
 ancelotti press conference interrupted by real stars .
hamilton finished second but then dismissed his friendship with rosberg .
bookies have novak djokovic marginal favourite for title after rome win .
 antonia croft was eight months pregnant when cat digsby ran into traffic .
the female with the greatest range was mariah carey singing f2 in sweetheart , up to g7 in emotions .
the father-of-seven has been a security guard officer for 22 years .
 jean kasem was served friday with court papers stripping her of guardianship of the aging radio star .
 armament was disturbed and exploded evacuation works at the site .
killed two and injured two , all construction workers working in the area .
 assistant u.s. attorney john craft allegedly made racist jibes about trayvon martin in a facebook discussion about ` stand your ground ' laws .
he is being investigated .
hospital said their patient flow and emergency calls were unusually high .
it 's the same process that makes the sky appear red at sunset .
 scientists claim ancient riverbeds on mars were created by warm spells .
but instead he found the international space station in his images .
instead it is believed the saturnian moon once had a ring around it .
 the former secretary of state has made a point to attend the chappaqua parade every year .
he was jailed for 10 years over the ` evil ' crimes more than 30 years ago .
the priest and teacher abused sick and vulnerable boys in the infirmary .
 a front seatbelt fault has been discovered in the manufacturer 's 2013 fleet .
 robert xie wanted to run his brother-in-law 's business , court heard .
he said xie showed interest in business just three months after deaths .
at least 69 people were injured as a result of the february violence .
 russian president discussed thoughts on prince of wales ' comments .
victims ' .
 utah footballer , lucky radley , 22 , was in the same 4th grade class as virgin killer elliot rodger .
 xie guobiao , 11 , has been tied up by family in daohui , china , since 2008 .
magic johnson , daivd geffen and larry ellison thought to be interested .
 jasmine robinson left 22-month-old daughter in care of her husband .
close with prince andrew but says he 's ` merely a friend '
visitors spent # 21billion in britain last year - more than half in london .'
confesses he did n't write the book himself as ` my handwriting is awful '
missed viewing when volkswagen polo caught fire while she was driving .
he fractured his jaw and cheekbone - but he could have lost an eye .
but major project authority had to create new rating to describe failings .
rushed to help chris michael-martinez - who had been shot twice by rodger .
 daisy chain sells quality second hand furniture and even has a coffee shop .
 pizarro signs a one-year extension to stay at bayern munich .
edwards recently left his position of assistant manager at exeter city .
didier deschamps ' side face honduras on june 15 .
 the manchester united legend might wonder what would have happened had he moved away from old trafford .
this is because water sits on the structures , not the surface of the material .
 green sea turtle named hofesh had both his left fins amputated .
 a dress in the colour red conveys confidence , power and passion to men .
price jailed for seven-and-a-half years and farrow six .
court heard faye 's husband , gabi 's father , died three years ago .
 former tory chief whip sued after calling pc toby rowland a ` serial liar ' .
pc rowland 's superior sgt ben mills has backed his version of events .
she has only received half of her $ 4,000 winnings from july 2013 .
she was diagnosed with terminal ovarian cancer in october 2013 .
the flash mob was organized by her family , to help cheer her up .
police had received a tip-off that they were blowing cash at a casino .'
 historic home in cheriton , hampshire , caught fire on sunday evening .
 researchers at harvard university have made ` quantum switches ' .
cyclists tim bradshaw and ray murdoch both took photographs of bird .
had her first bleed when she was seven and her second four years later .
warmest may on record in sydney , while australia 's eastern cities are experiencing above-average temperatures .
new york scoops first and second place for nightlife and shopping .
 police pulled over a nz man they thought had a gun in his car .
she said chiefs were concerned about character lola doing a forward roll .
the illustrator and writer said bbc warned of potential injuries caused .
witnesses saw the renault clio somersault through the air before being impaled on a garden fence .
daughter lexi was mauled to death by family dog at home in leicestershire .
drivers caught with reading above .07 will pay $ 1000 for device .
 blesilda gotingco , 56 , failed to return home after work on saturday night .
andrew cox , uncle of film actor brian cox , was killed in france in 1915 .'
her relationship with her mother , judith roberts , 50 has now broken down .
 charles malton , 20 , disassociated himself from union 's handling of scandal .
traffic wardens admit to fabricating ` evidence ' for fear of losing their jobs .
this is a 52 per cent drop compared to the same time last year .
 rachel reeves said miliband must not only develop policies but explain them .
but after defying medics he is excitedly preparing for third birthday .'
 the filipino was found wedged between the crocodile 's jaws .
she has turned apartment into factory to deal with dress orders .
 vinegar flies are used to learn more about the growth of cancer-causing cells .
cause of the fire is under investigation .'
 ` it was like a quentin tarantino movie ' : angry customer returned to bank with petrol , matches and a hand grenade .
her weight loss also saw her drop seven dress sizes .
eight children were injured in the attack and are being treated in hospital .'
the missing pair were found in didcot , oxfordshire this evening .
he positioned ladder on top of van and climbed up while colleague held it .
 lindsay hawkins , 28 , was riding horse murphy when they were attacked .
another will be sentenced later this month and a fifth member was given a youth rehabilitation order .'
he was treated on ship before french navy helicopter flew him to hospital .
had sneaked into home of betty spencer , 77 , and husband john , 71 .
he was discovered by mrs spencer asleep on the bedroom sofa .
pochettino will decide spurs coaches future this week .'
 the australian was beaten by richard gasquet in front of his dad .
 nico rosberg won the monaco grand prix and returned to top of standings .
condition expected to cost the health service # 17bn in next 20 years .'
heartbroken mother said : ` he was a good son ... him hugely '
samantha ntritsou , 31 , was sectioned after pills induced psychosis .'
and the scientists say the australian savannah is a major driver .
johnson says he expects luis suarez to be fit for uruguay .
 steven caulker has a relegation release clause in his contract .
 mcilroy , 25 , called wozniacki , 23 , ` after leaving their monaco apartment ' .
since , he has won major tournament , she has crashed out of french open .
 ming shao wore outfit on his way to play ` survivalist games ' in tapei , taiwan .
city branch and reading viaduct once belonged to philadelphia and reading railroad .
shields held together to protect bodies and heads as they advance .
 liu xiangying , 58 , and his wife yi mamei , 40 , have been married for 22 years .
ms harris was ` beside herself ' during the conversation , jury told .
produced fake evidence to police to support her story .
facing being kicked out of the party , lord oakeshott resigned .
when he returned home doctors said he had bleeding on the brain .
currently in a stable condition after being transferred to cardiff hospital .'
police say the attack could have had ` tragic consequences ' .
 vehicle was taken by police from convicted drug dealer david barrett .
raf hero 's letter and gold brooch have been sold at auction for # 11,200 .
 huge bar bill revealed for mps , their staff and visitors to parliament .
 sagna reveals he will leave arsenal this summer on a free transfer .
nasri was omitted from the france squad by coach didier deschamps .
 sportsmail understands hartley is in northampton 's matchday squad of 23 .
and they found that the latter was more fuel efficient at all speeds .
 bodies of children were buried in special cemeteries called tophets .
the factory is where rosie monroe aka rosie the riveter , subject of the famous ` we can do it ' poster , worked during the war .
 integrated system works by linking a smart car 's display with an iphone .
appeared on channel 4 's documentary series my big fat gypsy wedding .
bird was snared at new enclosure inside vienna 's schoenbrunn zoo .
finally diagnosed with autonomically mediated syncope with asystole .'
amnesty international says badawi is a ` prisoner of conscience '
the sr-72 is designed to cross entire continents in less than an hour , unmanned .
after crimewatch , almost 1,000 people contacted police with tip-offs .
prime minister will also win restrictions on eu migration he claims .
was banned at basildon crown court from contacting her or mr martin .
 laura rees died aged 23 in 2012 after a head-on car crash in south wales .
stoke-on-trent city council deputy leader used texts to praise his authority .
both are described as being around 15 years old , one has freckles .'
more than 200 attended public meeting and 100-plus lodged comments .
growing , dealing and buying drugs adds # 4.4 billion to the economy .'
scampie is now be nervous around lamp posts and walks on the grass .'
german andrea petkovic is the only seed left in her quarter .
 england spinner tredwell says freddie 's return is great for everyone .
pietersen was expected to make seasonal debut for surrey on friday .
 a new zealand pensioner , who can not be named , was searching for the gold mine he first discovered as a boy .
 antique went under the hammer at christie 's in london yesterday .
 aqualyx injections liquefy fat which is then eliminated when you urinate .
meanwhile bbc breakfast remained solid , attracting 31.5 % of audience .
results in her .
 the tender moment was captured this morning in st peter 's square .
low , a communication arts teacher , was arrested while at work on wednesday and taken into custody .
discovered five dehydrated wolf pups in a den and set about rescuing them .'
warning that young men are being disadvantaged by missing further study .'
1 ana ivanovic suffers shock french open exit .
pepperell , 23 , has just one tour victory to his name in his career .
the data will determine the new technology required for the fresh search .
flights to bali were cancelled across the country on saturday .
anna bazley , 19 , a student at st peter 's college , is the latest to stand down .
 crashed occurred in arlington , texas , about 9.30 am thursday .
ryan morgan , 29 , had last # 20 in his bank account confiscated by judge .
the mother-of-ten 's body was found near a beach in county louth in 2003 .
they can also add in data from social networks like facebook .'
schmidt told by his staff that recruiter would be ` terminated in the hour '
 ross mccormack is expected to leave leeds united for around # 8million .
 12-stone jade gibbs was inspired by brookside star jennifer ellison .
it comes just hours after country 's richest man ordered workers to help .
but now her sister claims that iqbal attacked and killed his own wife .
 phoenix jones - aka ben fodor - patrols the streets of seattle preventing crime in his black and gold costume .
her father swerved and crashed into boulder creek to avoid a car stopped in the road to let a bear cross .
 scared woman was unable to coax the squirrel from her handbag .
two 15-year-olds and a 13-year-old arrested on suspicion of murder .
73-year-old runs a centre with his brother in the north of the country .
sam allardyce was interested in the genk striker in january .
 the german landed the bigger punches but they were infrequent .
 daniel sturridge 's goal against peru on friday was his fourth for england .
 liverpool defender contracted malaria on a trip home to abidjan .
matsuyama and na both finished on 13 under par .
 glazer 's six children own 90 per cent of manchester united .
can overlay maps and other information onto soldier 's vision .
these cosmic features are visually mapped on the app in real-time .
 wynde milne in kirkham , lancashire , was built for agriculture in 1812 .
she addressed students via satellite encouraging them not to let humble beginnings stand in the way of education .
she received a call hours later from a vet saying her dog had to undergo anesthesia for two wounds .
 peter radke jumped into the water to save a 14-year-old who was struggling in the rough water .
allegations that bin hamman was lobbying for of his country .
 cdc pensions described by analyst as ` unfair and inflexible ' .
some cdc members in the netherlands had no inflation rises for a decade .
 sydney pavier was battered and left for dead in bed in his home of 83 years .
the staffordshire bull terrier was reunited with lola and family the next day .
redknapp said it would be ` exciting ' for lampard to go to new york city fc .
england 's first game is against italy in the amazonian city of manaus .
la albiceleste coach alejandro sabella said his team ` must help messi ' .
more than 160,000 sports fans visited the stadium over 24 hours .
 team england consists of 77 members including players , coaches and scouts .
 the hammers have made a bid for the 24-year-old senegal international .
froch will go down in british boxing history , regardless of any more fights .
 australian man charged with stalking his ex-girlfriend in the u.s.  mark terry henderson threatened to post naked photos of the woman online .
 sophie ryback from kent has a rare brain condition called polymicrogyria .
he had to have his right leg amputated and struggled with the pain .
comes as apple believed to be preparing home automation app .'
the five-bedroom home in rottingdean village is now up for sale .
england striker , 32 , signs two-year contract at anfield .
 david beckham has a major league soccer franchise in miami .
initiative aimed at naming and shaming worst offenders .
 dcf investigator kysa donawa , 41 , was arrested on child neglect charges along with her husband randy donawa .
cosmeditour , based in queensland , is offering cheaper boob jobs .
attached was a personal check signed by the gipper donating $ 50 .
government denies that children who cross are allowed to stay .'
 tape runs from that about an hour after yahya abdi was discovered .
 artem klavko , 38 , tried to overtake a bus in russian town of oryol .
veteran entertainer , 84 , denies 12 historic counts of indecent assault .
 capello banned sauces in south africa due to high sugar and salt content .
 ali zhao , 32 , and her baby daughter kiki vanished from wimborne , dorset .
they were last seen in nearby colehill yesterday afternoon .
three other schools in area given ` good ' or ` outstanding ' ratings by ofsted .
post-mortem showed they had been shot before being buried in garden .
wakefield magistrates hear that laura mitchell , 25 , hurled racist abuse at her .
but on a train travelling to siberia its owner let it out of its cage .
now the historic day is being recreated on the normandy beaches , france .
it is part of a series of events to mark the 70th anniversary of the assault .'
 garcia said he would close the investigation into qatar 's bid for the 2022 world cup on monday .
 carl froch could retire after beating george groves .
rosberg started in pole position and won the monaco grand prix .
hamilton said that he came ' a not-so-great place in stevenage ' .
punting between cambridge colleges takes half the time it would in oxford .
directions were added following the launch of transport routes in the uk .'
cameras show prisoners acting out in rimutaka and auckland prisons .
 gemma , 32 , has lost 1st 8lb in just six weeks .
 triana .
 tattooed zoe neilson , 23 , wore a revealing dress in the royal enclosure .
the queen showed racegoers how it should be done , wearing a powder pink hat and matching coat and dress .'
officers found ` aladdin 's cave ' of stolen items in birmingham homes .
` the economy has collapsed , ' says mayor marco ortega .
they later apologized to some students and offered yearbook refunds .
campbell visited the country for talks with abdel fattah al-sisi 's team .
1,600 dissidents killed and 16,000 jailed since sisi mounted coup last july .
 todd eslick was playing with a toy gun at a family gathering .
aswad composite mills , owned by palmal group , is listed as a supplier .
the company 's gazipur garment factory burnt down in october .
language teacher suspended from middle school after arrest .'
historian believes stalin was furious after lenin sided with rival trotsky .'
australian co-founder alison hardacre considers legal action .
deputy scott kenoyer was fired but ended up getting his job back after arbitration .
 woman , 26 , was picked up from a nightclub in west hollywood on sunday .
no question that if she had been openly gay she never would have been selected as .
princess looked in good spirits in monochrome outfit .
 german photographer snaps three generations of her family in same clothes and same poses as part of art project .
the girl was raped by omid ali , who also made her have sex with his friends .
the 21-year-old , from oxford , was sentenced to 14 years in jail .
said to have faked documents and posed as a un aid worker .
tried to gain access to a kenyan military base in april .
thought to be part of a plot to bomb kenyan soldiers in somalia .
she heard knocking on her door the night before he died , but did n't answer .
footage was filmed as part of a world cup promotion for dutch suit maker van gils .
- pooh . '
 manchester city midfielder caught feeling his thigh before training .
 england face ecuador in miami on wednesday night .
ben davies remains a target from swansea city .'
may insists england ` are not a rubbish team ' ahead of clash .
ohamov had been drinking wine and vodka before there was a bill dispute .
american cricket champions league is due to culminate in october .
 dog was buried underground for 18 hours after mudslide in guatemala .
describes her personal style as ` girlie ' and is friends with karl lagerfeld .
 the smart ball syncs to the adidas micoach app via bluetooth .
a report led by a former u.s. surgeon general has said there is ` no compelling medical reason ' for the outdated ban .
 the crash happened at an intersection in beenleigh - in brisbane 's south .
a car collided with a mini-bus on thursday at 3.30 pm , police have reported .
eight of the 12 injured are children , and have sustained minor injuries .
 geldof , 61 warns of ` mass extinction ' and that ` we may not get to 2030 ' .
couple are ` happier than ever ' and have no plans to divorce .
animal charity nowzad helped bring dog to new york .'
 newly-opened national september 11 memorial & museum features gift shop .
plane lost pressure and had to land in clarksburg , west virginia .
findings come from maharishi university of management in iowa .
 carlton player josh bootsma kicked out of the team .
 convict norris speed jimmied the lock on his cell at georgia 's fulton county jail to make a call .
once out of his cell , he came across accused murderer jasmine jones who was let out of her cell to take a shower .
he convinced the old acquaintance to go back to his cell to have sex .
a 15-year-old boy also allegedly involved has been arrested .
 17-year-old brett bouchard was cleaning the pasta-maker when it somehow turned on and cut off his arm .
three bombs detonated as people were leaving the meeting .
 classified 2010 military investigation found bowe bergdahl did leave his post in 2009 .
robert 's autism was so he could not talk and would often turn violent .
` he just said he loved me and he was sorry , ' their son brad myatt said .
he is on liquid diet and unable to talk after doctors failed to attach it .
skull will be donated to the park service to be buried with military honors .'
barra has since fired 15 employees , including the ignition 's designer - for the long-delayed recall of the faulty product .
the home was sold for $ 100,000 more than simpson bought it for in 2000 .
his lawyers are filed a new appeal in his case on wednesday .
 o.j.
in kiev , protesters burned barricades and tyres today in dramatic scenes .
rolf harris , 84 , previously told court he had n't been to cambridge in 1970s .
veteran entertainer harris , from bray , denies 12 counts of indecent assault .
concerned passers-by sent pictures to health and safety inspectors .
inspectors said the ` sorely lacking ' scaffolding put lives at risk .
priced between # 15 - # 35 .
mother janet southwell is positive ` it will be a good outcome ' .
adnan januzaj 's debut was expunged , as was romelu lukaku 's hat-trick .
 eastmond is not daunted by the prospect of facing the all black centre .
police have identified three cars involved in the shooting .
 ray tomlinson , 62 , realized his 31-year-old girlfriend had passed away during 1,700 mile journey from arizona to michigan .
temporary tattoo cost her # 21 .
the theftie - a selfie accidentally by a thief - will be accompanied by a map .
spurs could target fraser forster or newcastle 's tim krul .
 altaf hussain , 60 , arrested this morning at a house in london .
 businessman had an increased risk of cancer through the brca2 gene .
 ruggles the cat squared up to baby blackbird in cambridge back garden .
he had previously been filmed stroking a city councillor 's bottom .
 new york-based salon skin by molly offers the 30 minute treatment for $ 65 .'
e.on .
 billy mcphail was waiting for train as woman fell from opposite platform .
 union claims uniform may be a 'cause ' of sexual harassment .
british forensic experts are now carrying out analysis of the items .
barkley is pressing for a starting place in england 's world cup team .
the 32-year-old has risen from non-league to international football .
preparations included customised lucozade recovery drinks for players .
 porto 's eliaquim mangala is on manchester city 's summer shopping list .
spain are the world cup holders and will be defending their 2010 triumph .
 new zealand are unbeaten at auckland 's eden park since 1994 .
 golden boy co-founder richard schaefer quit company on monday .
 dr claire parsons , 66 , and val seeger , 75 , sent a note to dr philip nitschke prior to committing suicide .
his wife was struck with chest infection after worrying about her partner .
their daughter kelly , 38 , described double casket as the ` perfect send-off '
 strike engulfed vehicle with flames and trapped husband and wife inside .
 former u.s. president ronald reagan died june 5 , 2004 .
 philadelphia teacher stephanie amato , 30 , is accused of having sexual relations with a 14-year-old student .
his two handed , perfected ` shovel ' bowling technique is a world first .
the unidentified woman left the office an hour later .
doug ford also claimed the woman was ' a friend of the family '
 18-year-old lorna has been in eastenders since the age of ten .
 over a thousand mourners turned out for the funeral of jasmyn chan , 14 .
labour mp chris bryant uses jeff astle case to prove ` complacency is not good enough '
wales winger ripped shorts challenging for a header with daryl janmaat .'
the bayern munich midfielder has been ruled out through injury .
will compete with likes of yohan cabaye and paul pogba for midfield spot .'
 toddler killed after being crushed by 1.5 tonne roller in new zealand .
 princess has dined out at mayfair 's swankiest restaurants recently .
 nicole mcmillen , 44 , sentenced to three years and four months in state prison , and ordered to register as lifetime sex offended .
team sponsor vauxhall apologies for the error .
 former player marc degryse said hazard ` needs a kick up the a *** ' .
avitto , 6 , and the attack on mikayla capers , 7 , last week .
 suspect named as weapons trader dennis marx .
took place in the vatican garden - under the shadow of st. peter 's basilica .
 internet giant could alert users when search results have been removed .
google to put flags at the bottom of pages to say when links are hidden .
adult passers-by laugh but not one tries to take the cigarette away .
american tourist was stopped as he was about to leave the country .
in six years , figure will be five times the government 's legal obligation .
some sources say death toll could reach 100 .
mr bercow had filed a 13-page protest against the ` wasteful white elephant ' .
 manager sam allardyce is keen on mane but he may prove too costly .
lallana must now apply for retrospective planning permission .
put the pictures online .
helper has travelled on foreign holidays with the prime minister .
now it has emerged he brokered government-level talks on an gas deal .
but eight months later father , 44 , was diagnosed with prostate cancer .
works out using tracy anderson method .
his mother , liz , 45 , said the pair are best friends , adding : ` ben absolutely adores tiger .
half-an-hour after giving birth to joshua she had her breast removed .
 lucy buckby , 28 , suffered breathlessness during her third pregnancy .
 damien platt used sunbeds up to four times a week for nine mins at a time .
of the 2,000 respondents , 7 % would postpone their wedding for a match .
 british guiana 1c magenta was issued in 1856 by the colony 's postmaster .
distances .
chambers of commerce has backed to ` push proposal forwards ' .
the arachnid was identified as a araneus spider which can bite humans .
day was one of the hottest of the year with temperatures reaching 25c .'
the whirl , sometimes known as a ` fire devil ' , was captured by janae copelin .
hillary clinton said that she 's moved on from the white house affair .
he leaves some cups behind in the hope customers will take them home .
mp brands mr cohen ` out of touch ' and calls for funding to be reformed .
 lucy , 23 , has designed animal-inspired creature jewellery range .
however , residents complain they can not open their doors or windows .
police experience a spike in domestic violence calls during the tournament .
 shamed snooker star stephen lee agreed to sell the cue to a fan for # 1,600 .
 sterling can make the difference from the start against italy .
mauresmo will take up her new role in time for queen 's .
world cup stars did n't manage to score a basket during the video .
forward 's set-piece follows up stunning penalty in training .
 cameroon players arrived in rio on monday afternoon .
 newcastle are close to reaching an agreement with gomis ' representatives .
moore ruled out for season after tearing knee ligaments .
he and his wife gwen , 60 , are going to the democratic republic of congo .
jacob from oxford diagnosed with cerebral palsy when six-months-old .
after the birth she wanted to slim down so stopped taking insulin injections .
 eight thalidomide victims are seeking compensation from drug makers .
it is nadal 's fifth consecutive french open title .
airport tweeted that engineers are trying to fix the problem .
 winger trained in a protective knee brace on monday .
they found that switching off the pathway in mature liver cells makes them stem cells again .
she has lived in arizona with her husband , former denver broncos punter tom rouen , for many years .
in his speech he referred to the israel-occupied areas such as the west bank and golan heights as ` occupied territories ' .
rcmp officers marched through moncton in a funeral procession as onlookers saluted and wore red and white , the colors of the canadian flag .
laporto is married and has two young daughters ; he is a u.s. navy veteran who served in operations desert storm and desert shield .
women love michelle and rihanna 's bikini bodies .
remaining migrants tumbled into sea - three drowned and two are missing .
 caroline marshall , 32 , and james granshaw , 29 , were married on saturday .
the 58-year-old died of smoke inhalation after being stabbed in the arms .
pfizer provided six studies to back up their claims .
asa said three of those were not substantiated and other data confusing .'
tiny bible was given to his great-great grandfather in world war one .
fa chairman memorably made throat-cutting gesture at world cup draw .
2 upset by slovenian 's attempts to play for great britain .
shkodran mustafi was called up to replace the dortmund man .
brazil start their world cup campaign on thursday against croatia .'
argentina stars unfurled a banner claiming the falkland islands belonged to them during a friendly with slovenia .
italy have injury doubts before england game on saturday .
they have won just twice in new zealand - in 1973 and 2003 .
 obama was asked about the mass shooting at santa barbara during a q&a .
said the country needed to do some ` soul-searching ' about guns .
show the planet without water before it was shaped by the ` great flood ' .
visitors to the saudi arabian building will travel 32ft -lrb- 10 metres -rrb- a second .
aircraft 's 36ft -lrb- 72metres -rrb- wings are covered in 17,000 solar cells .
maiden flight was made by german test pilot markus scherdel .
 watson won the first set and was 5-3 up in the second before losing .
 verratti has missed another training session during world cup build-up .
 who currently defines transsexualism as a mental disorder .
snowden has said he destroyed the documents , but government officials do n't believe him .
argentina stars unfurled a banner claiming the falkland islands belonged to them during a friendly with slovenia .
they kept collecting the cash , claiming he was travelling in europe .
 xolile mngeni serving life for killing anni dewani on her honeymoon .
her mother miriam khella said she had to cut clothes off her .
the 28-year-old claims he spotted ` mouldy ' produce at the hanham store .
armed robber then sped off with waiting getaway driver gary allen , 41 .
but the father-of-two was able to swerve out of the way as he called police .
 england practicising penalties in training in preparation for shootouts .
the backline 's been overhauled to accommodate tuilagi on right wing .
marland yarde moves from the right to left wing .
 fiorentina defender marcos alonso impressed in loan spell at sunderland .
 former chelsea striker waves to fans and jokes with teammates in training .
delays expected at galeao international and santos dumon airports .
 croatia play hosts brazil in the opening match of the 2014 world cup .
the royals say they will do not welcome any approaches for key staff .
it is the third dead whale carcass in two months spotted on wa beaches .
alexander ` stormed out after argument , firing one shot back at property ' .
the man , believed to be in his 60s , was located at 2.30 pm on wednesday .
police are investigating the man 's death and are appealing for information .
sweetheart and set up his own fitness company to help others .
 fast internet will be soon be available on european british airways flights .
the service will be provided by london-based satellite operator inmarsat .
sam robson set to open the batting alongside the captain .
assault on ukip to focus cameron 's offer of an in-out eu referendum .
 new kimberley hotel , blackpool , shut down for putting guests in ` jeopardy ' .
 british secret agent photographed script of classic work banned in ussr .
his lawyers have allegedly hired private detective firms to dig up dirt .
he says he confessed to the abuse but no action was taken .
the correspondence is expected to fetch # 50,000 at auction this week .
 the unidentified man had turned back to california and was in the 11th day of his trip when he sent a distress call .
he was spotted by a helicopter and rescued by the coast guard .
prince philip celebrated his 93rd birthday on tuesday with a garden party .
 vitalii sediuk attacked brad pitt last month while the actor was walking the red carpet at the maleficent premiere .
 new york state trooper john vescio was off-duty when the june 3 crash occurred .
he felt he had ` disgraced ' her by getting drunk , inquest told .
bulford military court heard he had been drinking at before the incident .
 senegal international pape souare is being considered by qpr .
 cristiano ronaldo looks relaxed in training with his portugal team-mates .
30 seconds .
 a father and son team from inverness designed and built the device .
shots captured by the balloon reveal the curvature of the earth .'
 some 77 % of men will watch world cup compared to 44 % of women .
that 's according to researchers at the university of british columbia .
mother he tuan , 32 , and father he liu , 37 , are refusing to collect them .
she handpicked the pastor , who performed khloe 's ceremony , and she wants him to perform kourtney 's too .
 princess and felipe attended inauguration of an exhibition .
downloaded shazam which can identify millions of songs in seconds .
bieber was also in hot water in queensland over graffiti on qt hotel wall .'
 hodgson urges english fans to support his team at world cup .
judge david goodin said 94-year old smith was ` vile ' during sentencing .
last year 463,846 avoided annual charge by using iplayer loophole .
the letter - written on a delivery note - will be auctioned for # 30,000 .'
has been sacked from his job as a fireman and is facing criminal charges .'
 temperatures in manaus set to reach 29c and humidity 89 per cent .
scholes and alan shearer scored as england beat tunisia at france 98 .
bryan robson scored after just 27 seconds in win against france in '82 .
modric 's absence in croatia 's second group game would be a huge loss .
beck , 41 , was shot at a pizza shop when he stopped to have lunch .
 jordan owns 89.5 per cent of the charlotte hornets nba team which is believed to be worth more than $ 600million .
the la kings beat the new york rangers 3-2 in double overtime and it was the team 's second stanley cup championship in three years .
was re-arrested on saturday after two more women claimed they had been indecently assaulted .
 fred and alicia smith met aged 10 , when seated near each other in class .
say their secret was dancing , cycling and swimming together .
she spoke out against breaking-up the uk at a rally this week .
located in whitley bay , tyne and wear , it was originally used as watch tower and office for harbour master .
froome had a 12-second lead despite crash on friday , but late break saw contador finish eight second ahead .
they also rescue injured koalas and take them to australia zoo 's hospital .
engineers will examine house to assess any danger of it collapsing .'
but claims her dreams of working for them were dashed due to a foot tattoo .
he then struck a stationary object , 200 metres from malvern train station .
 captain gerrard disappointed to come away empty-handed .
he believes that wayne rooney should be dropped if his form is poor .
42 per cent admit their relatives are divided on scotland going it alone .
game of thrones and hbo work together to promote belfast to tourists .
 jan filochowski was given a # 45,000 bonus on top of his # 245,00 salary .
two divers got in to difficulty during mid-channel dive , police have said .
phil neville criticised after drab co-commentary on bbc 1 .
mexico won their opening group a game against cameroon 1-0 .'
eto'o sidelined by knee injury after cameroon lost opening world cup match to mexico 1-0 .
former manchester united goalkeeper drove his ferrari 458 italia as part of team sofrev .
 wales face south africa on saturday in their tour 's second test .
 man ran on to the course and alongside the horses during the race .
 genetically engineered bananas contain higher levels of vitamin a .
 upmarket drinks crammed with as much as 13 teaspoons of sugar each .
created by volkswagen and shown in hong kong .
hoodie is fitted with sensors that send pre-programmed messages .
 michael smith from norridgewock , maine had a gun tattoo and arrested with real thing .
scholes has urged roy hodgson to unleash his young players in the world cup opener on saturday .
 consumer prices index drops to 1.5 % , down from 1.8 % in april .
 mother-of-two gabby logan , 41 , is presenting world cup in brazil for bbc .
 the 15-month-old girl died in ` tragic accident ' outside her home in leeds .
modelled lingerie range and now their first swimwear collection .
 chinese premier says he wants to show britain the ` real china ' .
posed for photographs with hollywood stars on each day of event .
roy hodgson was ` brave and bold ' in his team selection .
team-mate pepe looked impressed with the real madrid star .
within a few seconds of the tweet , ecuador took the lead .
balding saw the ` cat ' while recording bbc radio 4 programme ramblings .
the two events combine on average about once every 20 years .
he became a broadcast legend as .
born with the same trademark giant eyes as shrek favourite puss in boots .
in march he admitted to slaughtering the six miniature ponies .
year 's totem pole and scored 71 - three .
police spoke to the hapless traveller but no arrests were made .'
other bbc bosses claimed for proms tickets and public speaking courses .
young lad also predicts a score of ' 2-1 ' between england and uruguay .
introduced to franka , his potential partner , at chester zoo .
australia lost their opening game 3-1 to chile .
this is the first world cup encounter between australia and holland .
australia have won just two of their previous 11 world cup matches -lrb- l6 d3 -rrb- .
the mercedes team-mates had a public feud during the monaco grand prix .
algeria .
 buffon will return for italy when he 's fit , believes sirigu .
turton 's appearance at royal commission came on wednesday .
 the vaccine was banned in 2010 after an increase in seizures in children .
authorities say his ex-con neighbor charles shisler fired the shot from inside his home , which is directly behind ayers ' .
shisler convinced the officer the noise was fireworks and no charges were ever filed .
and delightful , ' said extant star camryn manheim .
 david savage , 45 , was banned from keeping a dog for 10 years after attack .
the badly bruised pensioner did not arrive at hospital until 4.30 pm .
she has received a letter through her door telling her to ` get over it '
 privately-educated bruce dickinson said glastonbury is now too posh .
research firm npd group said there had been 47m more restaurant visits .'
his mother said he became a recreational user of nitrous oxide in 2010 .
his girlfriend kim taylor miscarried their child the day after his funeral .'
but her mother alison , 28 , uncle martyn , 47 , and his parents in law died .
 almost 500,000 brits waiting for passport after backlog doubled in 3 months .
breakfast is granola , lunch could be superfood salad , falafels for dinner .
 chev walker admits they have a tough job on their hands .
 vodafone and optus both stopped working on thursday .
found two loaded guns and 700 rounds of ammunition .
starting in the u.s. they will soon be generated from which websites and apps people use , outside the social network .
 andy murray 's trip to the states to win the us open ranked second .
 shangri-la is located over 18 floors of landmark the shard and boasts the highest hotel room in western europe .
but chancellor .
 elspeth , 29 , left with an indestructible tattoo following botched lasering .
 district attorney 's office dropped all charges against nancy styler , 62 , citing new evidence in the murder case of nancy pfister .
trish now weighs 12st 3lbs and exercises daily .'
it was diverted to detroit and the man taken away in handcuffs .'
 stephanie campbell broke nine vertebrate and punctured both lungs in horrific skydiving accident in march .
diesel costs an average of 5.32 p more per litre at forecourts than petrol .
survey found cost of a banana varies between rest stops .
region now has just 10,000 fewer millionaires than live in north america .
 firefighters came to the boy 's rescue in anhui province , eastern china .
chelsea boss wants any fines to go to ` the right place ' .
 ferdinand went out on to the streets and favelas of rio de janeiro .
the ex-manchester united defender is working as a tv pundit for bbc .
 man driving the car was taken to westmead hospital .
a ford spokesman warns there are more to come by the end of the year .
include a mother who struggles with concept of google - or ` the google ' .
before he died in 2011 of skin cancer , middleton gave a videotaped deposition in which he .
now the retired plumber is looking forward to a beer with friends .'
government troops will move in later today to take back control .
 christopher tappin was extradited to us in 2012 for arms dealing .
i ask for your forgiveness if you can find it in your heart , ' john henry said before execution .
husband lazio garcia grabbed the teenager by the throat after match .
credited card with fake sales while working as optical assistant at store .
both dogs were shot by police .
school said it was not aware of any ` inappropriate dance moves '
 government announced 12 month passport extension for expats .
almost 500,000 britons now waiting for passport after backlog doubled .
15 alleged members arrested after dawn raid , all face 10 years each in jail .'
but rules require infants to be looking straight into the camera .
31-year-old will look to achieve double at this summer 's commonwealth games in glasgow .
the triple medallist is now embracing her ` wobbly bits ' .
 the gelding died on thursday night at a property west of murwillumbah .
comes after latvians were used to hand out anti-immigration leaflets .
but they say a ` council jobsworth ' has now told them to remove the plants .
innovative structure was made from recycled water tank .'
 albert tarrats was found guilty of raping the young girl in 2003 .
weapons , drugs and ammunition also seized from three different properties .'
 al-waha arcade is outside tripoli in northern lebanon , overlooking the mediterranean .
the 57-year-old chef said mark salter had tried to wreck her reputation .
the 29-year-old accountant slipped down the stairs outside her london flat .
military exercise carried out near disputed islands in the sea of japan .
japanese government condemns actions as ` extremely deplorable '
officials .
bonds - .
arsenal 's lukas podolski posed for a selfie with the german chancellor .
former republic of ireland international was at colombia v greece .
 show contains more maths gags than any other programme , expert says .
her sons josh and patrick were named co-executors of her will and estate .
inventor tom chudleigh has built three ` rooms ' for his hotel .
 180mph trains would link both sites in just 15 minutes .
they could be unsealed as part of public inquiry ordered by theresa may .
the 72-year-old is now in a lahore jail , accused of ` posing as a muslim ' .
customs officers ordered him to remove trousers and found 66 tiny birds .
 a 24-year-old man died at the electric daisy carnival in las vegas on saturday .
her mother , tashi , was artificially inseminated and the calf was born after a 16-month gestation .
the buffalo zoo 's new baby was 144lb when she was born .
he stood on the arch , before jumping into the manchester ship canal .
a jury at newport crown court cleared gurung of all counts .
pfa chief gordon taylor feels comments should have been avoided .
 kyle keen was was killed by stepfather tyrone matthews , 32 , in 2006 .
the # 879m -lrb- $ 1.1 bn -rrb- telescope is expected to be operational by 2022 .'
 train workers strike over a bill to reform the state-run railway system .
 romany blythe doubled her money on a islington townhouse bought in 2006 .
 parents of sarah murnaghan ask for help from any family who is able to provide a life-saving lung for their daughter .
 pope francis traveled to the south of italy saturday .
he met the father of a three-year-old who was killed in an attack that was blamed on the drug war .
the trial is in its third week and has heard from more than 60 witnesses .'
 kyle mcardle passed out from the pain after he was tasered in liverpool .
this is due to the large size of a football goal - 192 square feet .
 patent reveals plan for cover with built in low power display .
mers stands for middle east respiratory syndrome .
retired dci colin sutton said the spy 's death could be the ` perfect murder ' .
says she prefers the natural beauty look but fashion is her ` guilty pleasure '
lunden , 63 , said the cancer had been discovered during a routine test .
 stand up comic said black actors did not need extra training - just a break .
experts say they may fatally undermine his attempt to drive up standards .
claim popular culture is being increasingly introduced into exam papers .
the cricket ball was launched on a helium balloon from birmingham .
a parachute brought it safely down to land in newbury , berkshire .
she started work at age 26 , in 1940 , at the red lion .
in march , huber and a team from the local fire district took ed through a forest on a hospital bed .
her 23-year-old boyfriend claimed victory in aegon championships .
they will be advising iraqi troops on how to combat the isis insurgency .
cleary was pictured getting close to leonardo dicaprio , who is dating victoria 's secret model toni garrn , in cannes last month .
she was also seen out with entourage star adrian grenier .
kone has played for france at every level from u17 to u20 , and was linked with sunderland last year .'
 watson says third round victory would be biggest of her career .
 melissa and michaella mccollum connolly have insisted they are innocent .
understanding how viruses evolved could help experts prevent them .'
nine-year-old had been living with kim and david hodgin since 2006 .
she now lives with her father , jailed for transporting arms , in nebraska .
was one of four hospitals in the west rising pauper asylum group .
at one stage the animals lungs were held up to demonstrate their function .
they filmed the incidents and stinson posted them to his instagram account .
hunt escaped with a suspended jail sentence after being found guilty of 11 charges .'
ms warnakulasuriya was then refused a wheelchair when disembarking at colombo .
the nypd insists there was no police chase and that it was an officer on foot that tried to issue samuel a ticket .
tottenham forward hits the gym as he tweets ` come on you spurs ! '
played a round of golf with a friend while on holiday in the algarve .
alexandra swann said she felt ` deeply uncomfortable ' about roger helmer 's behaviour .
 police believe tom o'gorman was murdered at his home in north dublin .
in the letter , jasper compared the penitentiary system to slavery .'
three people were ejected from the car during the crash , and none of the teens wore seat belts .'
five officers arrived at salon to settle dispute - told them it was a civil case .'
 matthew hancock predicted to be tory leader by 2020 .
stokes turned up on school grounds on friday and pulled stunts in her car .
 spokesman for ryan reveals the celebrity takeover has been completed .
 mumtaz begum has been an attraction at karachi zoo for 40 years .
fifa have taken action against martinez by removing his tournament accreditation .'
now mr douglas has retracted his claim oral sex was to blame .'
mr russell , 25 , says his app will revolutionise the way we shop .
during tests , participants reacted negatively to a docile deer .
 17-year-old was injured when a prank between classmates went wrong .
 british-educated sheik tamim bin hamad al thani takes over from his father .
was jailed for 18 months at gloucester crown court today .'
this suggests they , and other primates , developed widely differing features .
eastern europeans spotted handing out flyers in croydon .
posters of how she might look now are distributed in russia and ukraine .
stan , a golden labrador , suffered same fate hours later at the vets .
 four loggerhead turtles were escorted by a team from the new england aquarium to assateague island national seashore in virgina .
 henry engelhardt , 56 , is the chief executive of insurance giant admiral .
tory mp simon hart said it is an ` increasingly politically driven ' group .
more than 50,000 will not get their passports in time , he told mps last week .
urged to tackle corruption , money laundering an human trafficking .
 rev.
this include words such as ` wet ' , ` connect ' , ` social ' ` selfie ' and more .
 kathpulti colony of 2,800 families are all street performers living in collection of delhi slums .
morgan schneiderlin on standby , three from arsenal and newcastle involved .'
 steven gerrard was left isolated in england midfield .
 amber alert issued in hunt for hannah anderson , 16 , and ethan anderson , 8 .
insists failure to end syrian civil war is the principle cause of the iraq crisis .
silvestre varela scored in injury time with portugal on brink of elimination .
smith has tried to have the records fixed with no success .
 mattel 's ` ella ' barbie doll has no hair and comes with several wigs .
head teacher of stowe school in buckinghamshire wrote email to senior staff .
now civil servants have been told to use public finances to fund pr blitz .
 british scientists were instrumental in inventing life-saving mri scanners .
there are four different designs and prices start from # 134.90 .'
sherwood said he likes miguel herrera and jorge sampaoli .'
he replaced the injured sergio aguero shortly before half-time .
the 45 year-old arrived back in sydney this afternoon after 17 months .
 gina ford , author of best-selling childcare book , has divided mothers with her ultra-strict advice .
he stars in his own version of jackanory , old jack 's boat .
 stephen kinnock will run for safe labour seat in aberavon in 2015 .
it has also been revealed the boy was physically assaulted by father charles bothuell iv with a bloody pvc pipe found in the home .
the couple 's other two children have been taken into protective custody .
 the house in chelsea , london , is more than 74 times the price of the average uk home .
 steve swanson and reid wiseman made wager with alexander gerst .
 tough mudder includes ice bath and electric shocks .
helena bonham carter and emma watson invited .
and only 13 per cent of liberal democrat mps are female .
 hamilton and scherzinger visited the italian city and new york .
hamilton came second to mercedes team-mate nico rosberg in austria .
kevin asamoah and jese are also in pogba 's starting xi .
role play is most adventurous thing they 've done - but with an ex .
it is the first field device that can stabilise pelvis and prevent blood loss .
 men in chinese city hooked up to machines simulating pain of childbirth .
it also tells doctors how serious it is - and no need for rectal examination .
 sgt.
commons committee say responses to spain have been ` too timid ' .
 six people left injured after red seat leon crashes into side of house .
the pub chain has apologised and offered the ukip supporters a free meal .
 brendan rodgers says liverpool need ' a few more signings ' to contend with champions league football this season .
england lost series to sri lanka after woeful fourth day .
 gareth edwards , roger uttley and co beat south africa 3-0 .
she was found frothing from the mouth with maggots and a weak pulse .
he was placed into a sydney foster home in the 60s after living in a tent with his 10 other siblings .
some of the accused are at the top of president alexander lukashenko 's government .
 the loophole was discovered by journalist simon rockman .
calls made using services such as skype were able to access the inboxes .
 brick , 42 , appeared on daybreak with broadcaster and mother emma b .
 mack randall wolford , 44 , died after being bitten at ` homecoming ' service on sunday .
 kayla michelle finley rented monster-in-law as an 18-year-old but forgot to return in .
prince william , duchess and prince george are today on qantas flight .
 an unidentified 79-year-old man was showing off his fully restored ford model a in his church 's parking lot .
 the drink was on sale at a busy shopping centre in a lincolnshire town .
 four people were hospitalised after taking the pills in darwin .
 nine-strong team in page hall , sheffield , have been enrolled in roma lessons .
it has been created to celebrate the mobo awards 18th birthday .
da jun , in a fit of rage , allegedly beat his father and was detained by police .
 one-year-old misty was given back to a shelter in south carolina in june .
todd miller and jeffrey edward fowle are being tried in north korea for ` hostile acts against the country ' .
christopher elmer , 39 , of greenford , west london , jailed for eight months .
eugenie bouchard to open play on court one .'
ukrainian president arseniy yatsenyuk confident 2026 games would benefit country .'
 magdi girgis , 62 , has been given life for arranging his wife 's brutal murder .
said that his officers had names of suspects involved in case .
remarkable pictures show the staff swimming , wrestling and hand feeding the wild gators underwater .
 sarah thomas , 30 , was barely conscious when paramedics arrived .
artists predicted 21st century gadgets such as the ipod and ski mobiles .
chute .
ingleton , north yorkshire , known as being an outdoor-lover 's heaven .
 mauresmo initially signed up to be murray 's mentor for grass court season .
 police say earl ward and his family were leaving a drive-in movie when he began to fight with his children 's mother .
the officers ` detained and interrogated her without legal grounds ' .
 a sanitation truck reversed over jacqueline haeflinger in manhattan about 10am wednesday .
but pm insists the british people should have a say on leaving the eu .
izabel goulart posted a photo of herself in a brazil bikini .'
 antonella and thiago both sported no 10 argentina shirts in brazil .
maradona is meeting venezuela 's socialist president after world cup .
600-year-old strings were found in the ruins of incahuasi , south of lima .
he was returning from family friend guy pelly 's wedding .
women can be relied on more than men to finish diy jobs .'
nude swim was part of popular annual winter solstice celebrations .
but profit from taxes were little more than half the 30bn-euro forecast .
hollie morgan said : ` it 's not like he fell on the knife '
 queues were 56 minutes for non-eu passengers this morning despite 45 minute target .
her father , ryan price , said it was an ` act of desperation ' .
the 46-year-old claims he has not seen or heard from miss ball .
her family has asked the chain to donate the money to the frank stile foundation .
raider fled empty handed from the store in small heath , birmingham .
galatasaray released a statement confirming talks had begun .
defence force has n't revealed details about the incident .
41-year-old was the head of publishing company hachette australia .
now a similar product is available through her parents ' website party pieces .
 weary iraqi soldiers were yesterday returning from gruelling 12-hour battle in balad against militant fighters .
f-22 jets were scrambled near the far western aleutian .
the stunning 26-bedroom property stands in 935 acres of land , which includes farms , cottages and an orangery .
she feels people take her more seriously with straight hair .
 alienating powerful angela merkel could scupper pm 's hope for change .
mystery man has been linked to attacks on five girls in the holiday resort .
 doreen banks , 85 , joined oxley park golf club in 1961 .
the 9-year-old called 911 and police waited 40 minutes until shavers emerged from the woods wearing camouflage .'
 daniel hames was repeatedly hospitalised with acute gastroenteritis .
residents transformed run-down estate into community gardening project .
also visited christian ministry in peckham .
the # 120,000 asking price includes his family 's secret recipes .
 suarez appeared to bite italy 's giorgio chiellini on tuesday night .
device uses ultrasound to detect obstacles up to 10ft -lrb- 3 metres -rrb- away .
he believes it was carried from france on the soldiers ' boots .
prints are part of state library of nsw 's exhibition , portraits of war .
government passed legislation to shore up back-to-work scheme .
it is the final sanctions before striking them off the official register .
questions raised about why coulson was taken into number 10 .
some world cup tickets have been sold at eight-times their value .'
but her repeated tapping caused the ` shark ' to smash into glass in attack .
 robert barr , 31 , was on a ladder at work when he accidentally shot himself .
 remote-controlled cameras have been in commons chamber for 25 years .
the priest also shared photos of his audi with posing on top .
 bbc 's middle east editor jeremy bowen reveals fury at mistake on twitter .
wimbledon worker is constantly accosted by celebrities asking for photos .
ratings were higher than the average for 2014 nba finals .
 half-price sale began on jodhi 's the upside sportswear label on saturday .
it can only be accessed using the wearer 's thumbprint and password .
 john brown , 37 , made a quick trip to the superstore in wolverhampton .
 the teens have been identified as mickayla friend and mateus moore , both 16 .
surgeons removed the implant from her sinus and her symptoms disappeared .'
salomon has been a new york city cabbie for 37 years .
 couple confirm they are taking a break to ` evaluate and work on marriage ' .
negredo scored 23 goals for city last campaign but none after january .
players wo n't quit southampton over nicola cortese .
militants responsible are an al qaeda-linked group operating from somalia .'
 davion only , 16 , made national news when he pleaded for a ` forever family ' from the pulpit of a florida church .
 the nash in marnhull , dorset is on the market for # 1.5 million .
wilmots believes his side can win and go on to reach the final .
neighbors said they heard gun shots in the early hours of sunday .
god works all things for his good and glory , ' jones wrote in a sunday night facebook post .
the body of derrick , a 20-year-old lieutenant , was never found .
 artificial muscle technology uses electroactive polymer -lrb- eap -rrb- material .
her husband chased the gang who pushed him under the wheels of a lorry .
the puppies have all found new homes with the soldiers and their families .
the 20-year-old was ordered to do community work and probation meetings .
 the male new york jets fan who punched a woman in the face after sunday 's game has been identified .
hotel owners want the picture removed from her website .
 sir magdi yacoub called for drug to be sold over the counter .
 lotus worked with the designer of the famous tron lightcycle from the hit film .
only 100 bikes will be made - and lotus has refused to reveal how much they will cost .'
 a propeller clipped the side of some of seoul 's priciest flats .
 search area proving too deep for bluefin 21 robotic submarine .
 african pygmy hedgehogs are being ditched by bored owners .
added police have been slow in helping to combat cyber-offences .
willian has recovered and hopes to team up with clubmate oscar .
arsenal and liverpool are among clubs interested in the forward .
concerns the attack was influenced by luis suarez 's world cup bite .
brazil are without injured star man neymar .
former england coach andy flower says cook is still right man for the job .
australian triumph is 24-year-old 's fourth ranking title .
the 17-year-old was injured in a rugby match in whangarei on saturday .
 esa 's rosetta spacecraft is getting ready to rendezvous with its target .
but drunk passengers and stinky food did n't get a mention in the survey .
 the inventive structure has been built on the shores of loch voil .
 holland defender daryl janmaat has impressed at 2014 world cup .
the slippers were on permanent display at the hotel after being purchased by the owners in paris .'
canadian study could confirm theory that weight gain is tied to diabetes risk .'
project with 10 days to go already raised # 9,730 .'
 could boost calls for more music training in schools .
they live together in dilem village , malang , east java , in indonesia .
garcia 's father found his son 's body during a saturday morning search .
about 60 people fled to red cross shelters in the storm 's wake .
he said whitehall officials should serve the government of the day .
today , broadcaster says she 's received a ` storm of insults and bile ' online .  '
 brazil 2014 has been the world cup of the substitute scorer .
remy smashed 14 goals in 24 starts for newcastle on loan this season .
 mauricio pochettino will make a decision at the end of the season .
1 in 5 reception age children are overweight , rising to 1 in 3 aged 11 .
 the stunning m75 global explorer is a one-off vessel .
has its own jacuzzi pool , gym and sauna , bathroom bar area .'
 chile forward is expected to leave barcelona this summer .
arsenal and united both interested in signing sanchez .
 veteran weather presenter is positive to assisted suicide .
 the u.s. women 's soccer team goalkeeper has been accused of hitting her sister and 17-year-old nephew .
 victoria beckham is a fan of the # 25,000 woodway treadmills .
 thai photographer visarute angkatavanich created the series of photos .
 charlotte brown , 37 , of , pucklechurch , gloucestershire was given all-clear .
two-year-old child was taken to hospital , but died of her injuries .
whiting quit before he could be disciplined but now the department wants to revoke his certification so he can never police in florida again .
 patrol spotted the forlorn youngster in a car park .
but juventus are holding out for # 37m for their chilean midfielder .
called victoria 's victories was .
police scotland said 20 people aged between 12 and 45 were arrested .'
pearce was ` obsessed ' with ms sullock - who he had dated , court told .
prosecutors say incident sparked by conversation after lee rigby 's death .
climates can be pre-ordered on kickstarter for $ 39 -lrb- # 23 plus shipping -rrb- .
 home and education secretaries were rowing over response to extremism .
 letina smith , 41 , cares for the children in place of their mother .
castleberry , who had no criminal record , had been struggling financially .
 aiden mclaughlin 's mother suddenly went into premature labour at 24 weeks .
 the 11-year-old started a nationwide debate last year when she was allowed on an adult organ donor list .
but she is piecing her past back together with help from her family .
carole admitted that she and lee do n't see each other ` as much as we should '
 as well as having white sand and crystal clear water , maho beach is also the ultimate location for plane spotting .
graphic images show bodies of rebel fighters defeated by assad 's army .
authorities are awaiting dna results to determine if body is his .
but his family says that if it is , they are concerned about why he was wearing an unfamiliar make and size of underwear .
 nicolas anelka played 77 minutes in the 1-1 draw with everton on monday .
striker performed gesture after scoring against west ham in december .
the hearing concluded with the judge ordering tahmooressi to remain behind bars .
the plane crashed into lake ontario after the automatic pilot was engaged .
 u.s tourist identified as bill hillmann , 32 , from chicago .
current penalty for parent if their child 's absence is not authorised is # 70 .
man is a barman at the hotel but was attending private party for former staff .
eight incidents were involving two commercial passenger planes such as ` jumbo jet ' b747s , boeings or airbus a320s .
goalkeeper caballero is also included in city 's squad .
the director of match services has given up his accreditation for the tournament .
heracles almelo believe he is still under contract with them .
 greek defender konstantinos stafylidis is fulham 's sixth signing of summer .
 michu wanted by italian side napoli on season-long loan .
four other players will have to sit on the sidelines for two games .
 latest devices small enough to fit inside card slots .
u.s. striker jozy altidore is also out of the match .
 manotox claims to reduce wrinkles and fine lines without surgery .
key ingredients are substances called liftonin and gransil .
european tour players hold further talks over final series scheduling .
 queen will offer grants of up to # 1,000 to encourage beekeepers .
manager daniel mcarthur has said he should be allowed to follow beliefs .
identified only as ` t ' , he said forced disclosure breached his human rights .
it took him a .
 chris huhne pictured with girlfriend carina trimingham on tropical beach .
 anatomedia was built for medical students to practice dissections .
 doctors think alison blackburn was bitten by uk 's most venomous spider .
mystery .
research has shown that summer-born children disadvantaged compared to those born later in the academic year .
head graham daniels is no longer in charge as investigation takes place .'
study was by a team from the national history musiem in london .
the fossils could explain how neanderthals and modern humans met .
locog to investigate after ` officials and media ' leave seats unfilled .
aquatics centre sessions are almost completely sold-out .
his wife margaret , 60 , was brutally attacked but survived .
they took part in this morning 's weight loss wedding 10 week challenge .
hearn ` excited ' at what becchetti has planned for orient .
the scotsman twice sank three consecutive birdies at oak tree national .
police are working to track down the pup 's original owners .
 miliband believes he can go on for years as leader , regardless of success .
 national union of teachers vows to step up industrial action if ` significant ' progress is not made in long-running dispute .
is accused of being a ` ringleader ' in alleged trojan horse plot .
 hms severn tracked and intercepted russian war ships yesterday .
this month raf jets also scrambled to russian fighters in same area .
but he now finds walking normally a challenge and uncomfortable .'
members of the opposition say they were given no advance warning .
 sajid javid sympathised with voters who have concerns over immigration .
facing charges of allegedly arranging a drug deal .
 ronaldo has only scored twice at the world cup during his career .
the incident is the latest in a spate of fires attributed to e-cigarettes .'
 snapchat has announced its own messaging service in its popular app .
southwest airlines flight 345 carried 144 passengers and six crew members .
the couple found feces smeared on the walls and the drawers filled with water .
the police department have since said coomes should have been arrested and he is now charged with a felony .
up to 50 homes in village now have one of the fastest networks in the uk .
when the wearer moves their head , the drone moves accordingly .
 brazil face holland in the 2014 world cup third-place play-off on saturday .
 washington .
van gaal led holland to 2014 world cup semi-finals against the odds .
 swansea defender makes a splash on pre-season video .
 justina pelletier , 16 , is currently in the custody of the massachusetts department of children and families .
the now two-year-old lives with her dad robert berry .
 meghan eagan is out on bond for having sex with one of her students at waterbury 's crosby high school .
she was sentenced to five years ' deferred punishment and ordered to pay for mikale erikson 's funeral costs .
 f1 heiress gave her lover omar khyami a lamborghini aventador in 2012 .
a further 2.9 million have type 2 , often caused by obesity .
he had to have both his legs and an arm amputated after they turned black .
55 per cent said their heads re-watch the footage .
 headmaster leonard blom said they have lost sight of ` sportsmanship ' .
recommendations featured in new leaflet to be distributed to parents .
went on weight loss retreat and got into juicing .
he was arrested and then granted $ 500 bail on monday morning .
but over half of investors voted against controversial pay package .
she was 6.5 stone , while chris .
 scientific analysis of portraits show painters blotted cheeks with pink .
finish evening at tonteria nightclub in sloane square .'
 images claim to show the finished iphone 6 .
he carried 15-week-old mia onto the pitch in a gloucester strip to match his .
andujar fought with rivera , which gave his sister a chance to escape the attack .
19-year-old claims staff told her if she did n't put her dog in a cart she would have to leave .
there were just six upgrades in january , in may there was 1,024 alone .
 manchester united remain keen to sign arturo vidal from juventus .
victories for both men will set up a rematch later this year .'
franck ribery was injured in a france training session before tournament .
 study found a quarter of parents said they were too busy because of work .
warner .
passport was hinted at in june , and is expected to go on sale in september .'
the 39-year-old has no idea where the cat has spent the last decade .'
it is seen as a bold move , as the company is known for its big touring bikes .
on monday june 9 she turned 100 and wanted to garden .
witness who recorded the attack said biker flashed gang signs at the terrified van driver .
before peeling off , the attacker gestured to his right leg as if to say the van had clipped him .
toilets should then be compared to find the best option relative .
 david amador got a little too close to the action during a texas football playoff in harlingen on november 16 .
six-bedroom mansion has been used on film and tv for decades .
 labour leader visits new covent garden market at start of 10-stop tour .
but as one turned yellow she thought she should squeeze it to clean it .
 the ` fou lard ' scarf is 100 per cent silk and retails for $ 165 .
tesco initially claimed it was complying with eu rules , has now relented .'
mexico face holland in the world cup last 16 on sunday .
police said he groped the girl and stole her underpants .
monterroso-navas then fled with his three children , including a 2-year-old son he shared with the victim .
 jeremy paxman says that sometimes newsnight is barely worth watching .
would only be available to people with less than six months to live .
women being promoted include nicky morgan and elizabeth truss .
david cameron claimed for 8p paperclips and pack of pens costing # 21.73 .
 stoke keen to tie up season-long loan deal for bojan krkic .
garmin-sharp 's andrew talansky crashed in sprint finish but finished race .
 alice robinson 's three children and husband produce ton of laundry .
this suggests the child was not stigmatised by members of the community .
 nadezhda tolokonnikova and maria alekhina wrestled to ground .
 actress rebecca front adds a book to her impressive cv .
a month later the boy cavani-cruz died in hospital after his fourth visit .
says she was threatened with knife , injected with drugs and tied up .
 norman baker urges tony blair to intervene to release all exchanges .
the 30-year-old tried to get into u.s. with a friend 's passport .
assaulted .
boarding pass is available offline and digital version can be used at check-in .
rushmoor borough council chief warned small would have to resign if he was given a custodial sentence .
 hinatuan river , which runs on the island of mindanao in the philippines , appears to have no source .
millions from across globe are preparing to visit region for pilgrimage .'
 amber kraus had worked at the school for eight years .
powerful radar allows them to spot objects 340 miles away .
` teaches ' you how to make the perfect cup of coffee .
three men from the island are set to be charged with killing the 62-year-old .
mr pratt was killed while on holiday to celebrate his wife 's 60th birthday .
it aims to take the guesswork out of online shopping .
 traffic police stopped the overcrowded bike in henan province , china .
 samantha murray faces french open champion maria sharapova .
 bryan ruiz header against italy earns costa rica place in last 16 .
erik compton and rickie fowler tied for second .
children were found to have shorter telomeres than those in stable homes .
schools being asked to raid their own budgets to make up shortfall .'
mother forced teen , identified on his sign as ` alejandro ' , to stand on the corner of a busy intersection carrying the sign .
the diameter of the wheels grows and shrinks automatically to enable the robot to either be strong or speedy .
gary medel and arturo vital both doubts for chile .'
 rob morrison , 46 , appeared in connecicut court on tuesday after he violated a protective order taken out by his estranged wife .
said .
the late seal sniper alleged that ventura was badmouthing the military .
 trust was in charge of three schools inspected over claims .
it was alleged hardline muslims had tried to take over schools .
taken by photographer and racer bill brunell - who along with victor .
 liverpool are keen on southampton forward jay rodriguez .
 bolt has confirmed he will available to run in relay in glasgow .
the current iphone 5s is made of aluminium with glass panels .'
seferovic say winner was present for his father 's birthday .
 danielle davis , 39 , has pictures of herself with the star in all manner of poses .
mr blair said he wanted to tell rev paisley in person about his conversion .
around 80 of the pupils are from low-income families in moss side .
he was part of a team climbing in snowdonia , north wales .
 food hygiene inspector found uk fried chicken was infested with mice .
hospital has now launched investigation into whether the patient 's death could have been prevented .
trials at dachau concentration camp to find ` ultimate mosquito breed ' .
believed that the swans may have been poisoned with contaminated bread .'
mother , stepfather and grandmother all arrested on suspicion of murder .
defectors .
alonso has experience in premier league after loan-spell at sunderland .
his images were sent to an artist who used them as basis for illustrations .
on wednesday , the coast guard said it discovered dive gear it believes to be petty 's near where he was last seen alive .
 thirty-three pages of texts have been handed to hernandez 's defence team .
` be careful with your neighbor you mentioned , i would really encourage you to take a self-defense class , ' the tweet read .
 taylor russell was underground in the pennsylvania pipe for about 200 yards .
he and accomplice targeted his girlfriend 's bank on valentine 's day .
 patty ramirez was filming granddaughter sadie riding the ponies at the niabi zoo in coal valley , ill. .
another option allows students to make gowns ` more fitting to their shape ' .
 baroness stowell would have been paid # 22,000 less than predecessor .
 dale bolinger , 57 , ` admitted he had fantasies about cannibalism as a child ' .
 jaguar released latest advert the art of villainy on its youtube channel .
45-year-old was attempting to drive away in a golf buggy before colliding with a security guard and crashing into a barrier .
surrey 's richard gould had been favourite to replace collier .
 frank , 36 , has children 's book series called frankie 's magic football .
no injuries or medical issues have been reported among the 96 passengers and 27 crew members .
wants to prove himself as ` complete player ' after becoming world no 1 .
 algerian players given permission to not fast during ramadan .
thousands of journalists and technicians are striking over pay .
 komla dumor , 41 , is believed to have died from a heart attack .
just weeks old , all lost their mothers and are being raised by volunteers .
police caught shaun price and james loveridge at the house and the pair admitted involvement in the scam .
mrs gittens ' family became suspicious after her ` pauper 's funeral '
the woman ran onto the road to greet the national team 's stars .
britain in fourth place at european team championships .
the chemical used , malathion , can be lethal in high doses .'
the owner discovered the shenanigans on friday when he went to check on the mail .
mother then urged the schoolgirl to tell police of the attack .
trio were overheard discussing their struggle to pay school fees and bills .  '
 lesley hailwood , 61 , was choking at home in liverpool on new year 's eve .
her lawyer says she is ` devastated ' by her son 's death , but did nothing wrong .
she had travelled for five hours with clothes and presents for the baby .
 footage shows a group of surfers surrounding the southern right whale .
right-back debuchy has signed for arsenal in a # 10million move .
he initially claimed to police that he thought he was setting fire to rubbish .
 law scored a double on his competitive debut for motherwell .
thousands of journalists and technicians are striking over pay .
 double olympic champion mo farah will be fit for commonwealth games .
nurse was introduced to the team from channel 4 's embarrassing bodies .
new hi-tech hearing aid fitted which sends sound straight to hearing nerve .
some cities will see rises of as much as 12 \xc2\xb0f .
fans were trying to win tickets to see bieber on tv show anne-kat .
says young families are being priced out of their home towns .
 former minister henry bellingham to study dossier of secret emails by two disgraced conservatives .
the fifa president denied that qatar had ` bought ' the tournament .
beau vaughn 's dog can spot when teenager is about to have a seizure .
 cheryl and rob prudham went on holiday with nine children to menorca .
rick santorum says obama should not have apologised .
international advisers pulled from afghan ministries .
until finals are over .'
jaylen was in family friend kemp 's care when he died .
each day subscribers get a photo delivered to their inbox from a stranger .
` britain can play by the rules or it can leave the eu ' the magazine says .
the ` knicker queen ' had been at victoria 's secret for five years .
 lord leader lord hill of oareford nominated as the uk 's eu commissioner .
 mathieu debuchy moved to arsenal for # 10m .
the four-time winner of the sports photographer of the year award supplied six photos to feature on the stamps for the commonwealth games .
his images were sent to an artist who used them as basis for illustrations .
martin kaymer -lrb- 25/1 -rrb- is outstanding value from coral .
 suarez has joined barcelona from liverpool in a # 75million move .
england international has been sidelined since injuring his knee in january .
ploughed into family 's car on m6 while twice over drink-drive limit .
an email home to his wife told her to expect his arrival in new zealand .
federer now hoping to spend some time with his family .'
 hamilton is 29 points behind rosberg in battle for formula one title .
cool but the emergence of brood ii .
mccanns thanked public for their unwavering support since may 3 , 2007 .
 three lions facing world cup exit after miserable 2-1 defeat on thursday .
tweeters told ` ignorant ' airline that ghana has no giraffe population .
he was abandoned in a cardboard box which said ` please help me ' .
 laszlo csizsik-csatary , 98 , died of pneumonia in budapest .
28 australians were among 298 people killed when mh17 was shot down over eastern ukraine .'
said dancers would have to learn new routing just days before event .
 stafylidis scored a 20-yard opener and provided assist for hugo rodallega .
won judo silver medal for team gb during london 2012 .
 pelagornis .
 u.s. goalie tim howard is dating scottish sara mclean .
portugal were knocked out of world cup in the group stage .
the warwickshire-based firm also unveiled its ` virtual .
a source close to the plans claims the watch could launch in october .
but window and centre seats will both shrink to make space .'
the brown surface is scarred , pock-marked and has had sand added to it .
when worn during gameplay the screen 's images are shown on the visor .
father hopes he can now win full custody of his child .'
 manchester united are closing in on a # 27million deal for shaw .
 natty goleniowska from padstow , cornwall has down 's syndrome .
akram then blackmailed the girls into sending more explicit images .
 novelist plans to pen many more crime thrillers over the coming years .
says there will be more than seven novels - which was the number of potter books .'
criminal probe into alleged manipulation would be embarrassment for city .
serious fraud office is ` days away from significant development in scandal ' .
 reid was born near north harbour stadium , where the hammers trained .
 double olympic champion trott will represent team england in glasgow .
then , in 2011 her belly button suddenly ` exploded ' on a plane .
schumacher has been in a coma at a french hospital since december 29 .'
captain lee joon-seok , 68 , clambered into lifeboat in his underpants .
fan beverly mcphail , 29 , traveled from florida to catch a glimpse of royals .
election watchdog considering what ` further action against him is necessary '
 harry hamer from saddleworth set up when grandparents fly the nest .
 former lib dem mike hancock admitted he had ` crossed the line ' .
has edited a capsule collection of summer dresses .
national citizen service commissioned study to mark outbreak of ww1 .
 a letter from staff sergeant clement baker describes the famous truce .
the brazil world cup starts on thursday june 12 .'
driver was later arrested in front of colleagues and forced to strip naked for intimate police examinations .
 prince harry was joined by an array of beauties at best friend 's wedding .
 leeza ormsby arrested in bali in february over drug possession .
told total politics critics were ` furious ' about their ` house prices getting it ' .
mr johnson says he has no plans to stand for 2015 election .
magistrates have filed 5,000 n complaints against private firm applied language solutions .'
she was kept on life support but passed away on saturday .'
 students spilled on to the tracks as they waited for train after exam .
` possessive ' irfan ` did not like westernised wife working or seeing family ' .
nike claim the latest design is their most ` aerodynamically tuned ball to date ' .
 johnson-thompson ` absolutely devastated ' to miss the games .
the fund will provide assistance for people from disadvantaged backgrounds .
cult show centered around palmer 's murder .
got glammed up for photoshoot in closer real life special .'
garcia 's father found his son 's body during a saturday morning search .
42-year-old has been jailed for 12 months as liverpool crown court .'
 owen paterson tells lords committee ` the opportunities are enormous ' .
 ben smith , former seal , says : ` it is my civic duty to tell the president to stop leaking .
former assistant alexander bradley claims player shot him in the face .
 scott lowe , 22 , was speeding on sharp street in mass.
her son and daughter have been arrested on suspicion of attempted murder .'
cameron said he would not back down over commission appointment .
 accident occurred 4.30 pm saturday at rita 's water ice store in north philadelphia .
metal security gate detached from the shopfront and fell on her .
author laurence gonzales interviewed hundreds of survivors and rescuers for his new book about flight 232 .'
 the small blaze broke out on ms westerdam about 5pm saturday .
katarina johnson-thompson came second but yet to compete in long jump .
teams will now be gunning for louis van gaal 's holland .
 kevin prince-boateng will never play for ghana again , says schalke director of sport horst heldt .
ghana midfielder was sent home from the world cup after a row with head coach james kwesi appiah .
 rapper , 30 , detained on suspicion of perverting course of justice .
 video released by radical islamist group ansaru emerged today .
categorically denied that planes were linked to plans to rescue hostages .'
 the 44-year-old londoner says previous gender should be wiped records .
the case could have huge implications for the rights of transgender persons .
 nakai , an 11-year-old performing whale suffered gash to the chin which left its jawbone exposed .
 family member claimed that the 23-year-old ` had been taken advantage of ' by weiner .
 cheryl maddison , 25 , was stabbed and raped returning from work in magaluf .
many liberal democrats and labour policies now align .'
 supermarkets today released details of budget christmas dinner baskets .
officers claimed taking picture was felony offence and searched troop .
england landed back in the uk on wednesday following world cup exit .
prisoners ca n't deal with it , ' inside source said .
some labour mps predicting ` disaster ' in next week 's european elections .
sagna and france were eliminated from world cup in quarter-finals .'
he was also struggling to eat and suffering severe stomach pains .
the former prime minister was caught out after leaving on his microphone .
 darlene flynn , 58 , otherwise known as ` the shoe lady , ' or ` queen of sole , ' was found dead at her california home on monday .
 video of the beating was recorded by a bystander tuesday behind a mcdonald 's in salem , new jersey .
 thomas vermaelen looks set for a # 12million move to manchester united .
each robot communicates during matches using built-in wi-fi .
 joongwon charles jeong is a hyperrealist painter from south korea who uses acrylic paint on canvas .
 sajid raza arrested and bailed by police amid allegations of fraud .
she shot him once in the back and the head before turning the gun herself .
patterns can be changed in an instant - and designers can even sell them .
daley has revealed the rio olympics are his main aim .'
he weighs a healthy 12 stone , and his waist has shrunk from 52 to 30 inches .
 felix economakis is a chartered psychologist and hypnotherapist .
claims to be able to increase a woman 's breasts by three cup sizes .
 this year 's chelsea flower show showcased some enviable gardens .
 scientists in budapest created the first ` flock ' of flying robots .
experts predict that swarms of surveillance drones could be used soon .
kaiser had been walking with his dog when his leg became trapped .
 zoe smith on 58kg category at commonwealth games : ' i think the gold may potentially be between myself and michaela -lrb- breeze -rrb- ' .  '
england u21 international has been on loan at crystal palace .
fee has been # 145.50 since 2010 - but could go when bbc charter renewed .
victoria police have confirmed they are investigating the 11-minute video .
 ms yang from beijing claimed she was ` mr li ' - a superhuman interpol agent .
 complicated crop circle appeared in salinas valley , california , on monday .
vessel continued to st katherine docks , where paramedics were waiting .
the event was taking place from vandenberg air force base in california .
this is the second of five nasa earth science missions to launch this year .
edmund is coached by greg rusedski who can help him be great .
woodward also spoke about the importance of van gaal keeping ryan giggs on as part of his coaching team .
 terry uploads instagram video of him playing head tennis with his son .
 internet troll threatens to shoot kate mccann as she prepares for marathon .
 prince william county police say 19-year-old benjamin chisolm groped a 49-year-old mother who had passed out at a concert on sunday .
 dutch grandmother ria , 78 , had never been able to fly before .
he told staff his dying wish was to see his family again .
 janet milliken , 59 , learned of the deaths from a neighbor after she moved in .
 british researchers observed groups in tanzania 's mikumi national park .
colin bell , 30 , and patrick price , 43 , who shot him in 2011 , granted appeals .
there are rumors rupert murdoch may initiate a time warner buyout .
gill expected to recover after short hospital stay .
 romanians caught at heathrow after stepping off flight from the bahamas .
one of the iguanas was found dead but the other 12 survived .
england has had a measly 17 per cent success rate in penalty shootouts .
 senior aircraftman paul mahoney died in a training accident in 2010 .
 former deputy speaker nigel evans faces nine charges , including rape .
evans admits having sex with the 22-year-old but claims it was consensual .
oranges are not the only fruit author killed , skinned and cooked a rabbit .
jailed for 31 months for five counts of conspiracy to breach immigration law .
 cally simpson , from arbroath , angus , was on her first holiday abroad .
espn2 host michelle beadle tweeted her disgust at the comments .
 presenter was left out of special programme to honour john craven .
after final split , he asked her to return cartier bracelet and matching ring .
first arrested last august after evading italian authorities for 20 years .
he was remanded in custody today after appearing before magistrates .
 faa issued restriction tuesday after rocket strike near the airport .
homeowners report swarms of ` tens of thousands ' in hendon .
 hamilton out of qualifying after his mercedes catches fire .
 chilton is hopeful of racing at marussia for a third straight season .
 miley won commonwealth games gold in the 400m individual medley on thursday at tollcross .
marcel kittel won the final stage to the uk before heading across channel .'
 chelsea were rumoured to be interested in re-signing tiago mendes .
surrey police refer case to watchdog after ` recent contact ' with the family .
she was convicted for killing husband jorge in dominican republic .
jang told female employee , ` his only friend ' at the firm , that he had a gun and that he planned to execute a mass shooting at the office .
 four-level mermaid beach home will go up for auction on saturday .
describes co-defendant michaella as ' a sister for life '
had three children with bob geldof , who she married in 1986 .
cystic fibrosis trust ` reconditioned lungs ' should be an option .
 tory peer maurice saatchi is sponsoring a bill through the lords .
church urges companies to pay living wage , # 7.45 an hour outside london .
he posted his resume on craigslist announcing the reason for his sacking .
girlfriend nicole nepomuceno immediately accepted the proposal .
she looked on in horror as the ring tumbled away towards the earth .
 david henty produced the fake lowrys in his # 500,000 brighton home .
he was charged with several offences against children as young as eight .
 daniel spargo-mabbs died after taking drugs at a warehouse party in hayes .
cumberbatch stars as a plantation owner in new film 12 years a slave .
can accelerate up to mach 6 , 4,567 mph , three times faster than concorde .
286,000 multi-family households in 2013 , up 20 % since before recession .
parents who thought children had left home see them coming back .
 pascale sherwin , 23 , admitted to the thefts after being caught on camera .
he claims he was tortured in front of a british agent while in afghanistan .
time team archaeologists found no evidence it happened at battle abbey .
 francesca pascale , 28 , is engaged to 77-year-old silvio berlusconi .
 the car is a second-hand gift from rev renzo zocca , an italian priest .
 gondoliers will only be able to cruise grand canal at night .
tougher drug and alcohol regulation will be introduced as part of new rules .'
 the queen is visiting france to commemorate 70th anniversary of d-day .
16 ukrainian troops were killed when pro-russians staged an ambush .
the young boy 's mother said the outfit was in honour of pope francis .
 a 40-year-old woman was shot dead saturday morning in her queens home .
 chris evans attracts 1.7 million more listeners a week than terry wogan did .
but she soon reverted back to her punk look , saying she felt ` uncomfortable ' .
 up to 2 % of households exploit loophole that allows them to watch for free .
renovators praised for the idea of turning canister into bespoke light fitting .
 felicity cloake has made her fame by reinventing recipes .
he was then dismissed by his club , the cronulla sharks , on sunday .
defence force has n't revealed details about the incident .
soldier was taken to a nearby medical facility but later died from injuries .
melbourne had 9.4 per cent growth and hobart , the lowest , had 2.5 per cent .
 abdullah elmir , 17 , may have been brainwashed to leave australia for iraq .
whitlam was dismissed 10 months after by governor general sir john kerr .
northern territory fared australia 's worse region on safety and health .
australia disallowed goal in second half after cahill found to be offside by linesman .
 paddy doherty headbutted his brother douglas mcdonagh , court hears .
 drug addict mark hill , 24 , was found sleeping in a four-year-old 's bedroom .
argentina face germany in the world cup final on sunday at the maracana .
 gonzalo jara 's penalty miss in last-16 tie led to tweets per minute record .
list comes after lift incident with jay z , solange knowles and beyonce .
12,000 households without power and flights grounded .
investigation found officers took pictures of the scene and shared them with people not involved in the case .
pochettino also delighted with the signing of ben davies .'
romania international has struggled since arriving at white hart lane .
west moseley police confirmed that the cat was found at 8.50 pm friday .
police warned that the animal , in west molesey should not be approached .
mr phillips , who suffers from sickle cell anemia , said : ' i always told everyone i was innocent and now people will finally believe me '
 customers pay # 3 for delivery but price to shops is actually # 20 .
double loss for supermarkets when customer decides to shop online .
 charlie mulgrew set for celtic armband on tuesday .
england 's martyn rooney also breezes through 400m heat .
 stoke city are on a pre-season tour of south germany .
 wilfried zaha is fighting for his future at manchester united .
the reds are following up their interest in southampton 's dejan lovren .
uruguay international snapped signing lionel messi shirt for one barcelona supporter .
fabregas signed from barcelona and costa from atletico madrid .
 leicester agree fee with brighton for 27-year-old striker .
 carson daly was speaking with guests on his new year 's eve show about an insensitive tweet spaghettios sent out on pearl harbor day .
if it stopped turning , the planet would become an almost perfect sphere .
proposal dubbed ` seaport city ' and could provide two new city blocks .
workers want return of former ceo arthur t. demoulas , whom they .
 sir michael wilshaw singled birmingham out in scathing report .
germany is the only member country to contribute more to spending than uk .
the aid may not be going to those who need it most , with some being used to equip the country 's navy .
new book claims she boasted from the start that mr cameron would ride it .
 number of days lost surges to 443,600 , up from 249,000 days in 2012 .
over the bombing .
 healthcare .
ms reynolds said : ` i 've been sentenced to death ... i 'm totally devastated '
prosecutors contend that wilson gave birth in a toilet at work and waited too long before removing the baby from the water and he drowned .
 phoenix sims was just 24 weeks when she was born last may .
agnieszka pomaska said britain welcomed foreigners to the labour market .
she then released an apology , admitting the reference to rolf harris was ` in poor taste ' .
 star gave emotional first tv interview since peaches ' death on april 7 .
the driver in his 40s escaped almost completely unharmed .'
hichame bouadimi was walking with his mum when ` he let go of her hand ' .
two us agents in the arizona desert were shot at but not injured .
ex-boyfriend said he is shocked that she is expecting simon cowell 's child .
the former teacher is appearing naked at the edinburgh comedy festival .
 rat was allegedly lurking in minute maid lemonade concentrate .
 american designer , 74 , is a supporter of breast cancer awareness .
married vicar denied nine charges of indecent assault on four girls in 1990s .
biological age is the physiological age of the internal systems .
he was sued by david mullins and charlie craig , who married in 2012 .
1 is taking on slovenia 's bla\xc5\xbe rola on court one .
mps and councillors have hit out at the cost of the flying lessons .
collections industry is booming , even though credit card debt is at the lowest level in more than a decade .'
so grandson jon , 24 , launched an appeal on the reddit website .
return journey to london will take an hour longer due to immigration .
local officials say the fire is 20 per cent contained .
in april 2014 , 735 of the 1024 new homes sold for in excess of # 1 million were traded in the capital .
more than a quarter of the seven-figure property boom houses sold for in excess of # 2 million as prices rocket .'
 lee jones appeared on an itv documentary about the luxury spa in tring .
wife susie wolff tweets about her ` husband the hero '
tommy makinson scored a hat-trick for saints .
designer just unveiled new victoria , victoria beckham range .'
 filipe luis seen in an ice-bath with nathan chalobah .
jose mourinho and his team were cycling to and from training .
campbell : ` if i was white i would have been england captain for 10 years ' .
manchester city elite development squad coach patrick vieira took players off the pitch after seko fofana was reportedly racially abused .
 greg dyke has criticised the fa council for being ` too white and too old ' .
 sophia lister , five , had serious decay in her baby teeth and needed root canal work .
has byuilt in night vision system that does not need goggles .
tracking system can allow pilot to aim by looking .
memory loss has heightened health fears for father-of-two .'
 the electric shaver simulator costs 69p and turns a phone into a shaver .
they are trying to find ways of avoiding further damage on mars .
the father was in custody after being arrested for being drunk and incapable .
police treating the father-of-two 's death as ` unexplained ' , but not criminal .
one theory is some of the couples were buried as if in a sexual act .'
they were demanding closer ties with europe in a pact with eu .
opposition leaders claim it was because of pressure from russia .
 91-year-old driver is thought to have mistaken the accelerator for the brake .
 up to one million computers have been infected by ` gameover zeus ' .
the software can lock computers and demand a ransom to unlock .
 german gorbuntsov was shot six times in the chest by a would-be assassin .
however , after less than an hour , management had to call the police .
 magdalena burulea was handed the cigarette by her mother elena .
 chris john collapsed and died at his # 750,000 cardiff mansion in 2008 .
ms clemo will now inherit the # 750,000 mansion she shared with mr john .
lindsey decided to prove her love to him be asking him to remarry her .
immaculately-dressed sportsmen and women take part in events such as umbrella jostling and the pipeathlon .
but she died from norovirus after not being seen by staff for three days .
gilberto was buried in his home village on saturday .'
the man-made ear was attached to her head on thursday .
father , charles bothuell iv , learned that his son had been found while .
the old terraces were torn down in 1939 as part of slum clearance project .
 godfrey bloom suggested ukip needed to ` sharpen its game '
 junal barboza 's mother jacintha saldanha was found hanged in 2012 .
 flo , nearly 15 , and annie , almost 13 , are identikit teens .
 david zolkwer , 50 , has created some of the world 's biggest shows .
ms lambie claimed he used his daughters for his election campaign .
` the beast ' says ' i will be back stronger than ever ' .
pastore 's agent insists he is staying with french champions .
conte is expected to take over as the new italy manager .'
beatty was plucked out of crowd by georgios samaras during celtic 's lap of honour .
italian referee nicola rizzoli in the middle for spain against holland .
but can he avoid the decline of ex-liverpool strikers that leave anfield ?
 liverpool 's andre wisdom will complete a temporary move to west brom .
maguire is valued at # 4m and the blades want hull to up their offer .
 rick hincks captured a number of the most memorable moments of world cup history in prints .
but van gaal has list of other midfielders for the club to pursue .
tinkoff-saxo team secure back-to-back stage wins .'
 tom daley could quit diving after glasgow commonwealth games .
 brian .
 international boxing association decides to stop headgear use in bouts .
more than a quarter surveyed preferred to stay in hotel than camp .
virtual tourists will soon be able to tour lady liberty .
stead screamed for her husband to drive the boat away .
questions about cover up from mps .
former mp admitted yesterday he had ` crossed the line ' with constituent .
 david randall chaney , a 48-year-old supervisor , lost his job in the wake of the colombia prostitution scandal .'
 ian bell hit 167 runs against india in the third test at the ageas bowl .
 wanyama wants to follow his ex-southampton boss pochettino to spurs .
 the jacqueline kennedy onassis foyer at the park avenue and east 42nd street entrance of the station opened on monday .
a teacher .
parton 's wife was due to give birth that day ; the baby girl , trulee , was born a week after her father 's death .
she has now been identified as mr heggarty 's fiance mariel alejandra .
friends pay tribute to mr heggarty , who lived in greater manchester .
police said he appeared to have died from blow to head with a ` blunt object ' .
jim woods filmed the jump on a head-cam , while teammates carried flags .
hindenburg hated hitler , despite making him german chancellor in 1933 .
 the ad is in odenplans station in central stockholm for a hair care range .
pemberton , from wigan , admitted it was ' a foolish and stupid thing to do '
it encourages teeth to repair themselves without the need of injections .
the children were riding on the car 's hood and trunk in fort worth , texas .
 the 300 foot long homemade slip n ' slide .
follows the arrest of ray whelan , the director of match hospitality .
executive of match is embroiled in a world cup ticket touting investigation .
 three children from same house in west midlands taken into care in january .
 cynthia beamond , from halesowen , west midlands , was last seen on friday .
with sister , rosie , five , and parents amy belcher , 29 , and mitchell burch , 32 .
said he was ` physically shaking ' and ` very , very upset ' over a family issue .
she sustained serious head injuries and died at the scene .'
flown back to sydney on saturday accused of the murder of deng chi li .
his wife was arrested in their home and later charged with the murder .
kate wore new topshop design on cover of this month 's vogue .
 wendy archer , 40 , decided to be sterilised after having four children .
fashions incredibly realistic portraits from single length of tulle .
artist pleats and bunches fabric before bonding to canvas with an iron .
 esra uryun has a husband , five-year-old boy and sister .
 police said the 10th grade student was depressed and hanged herself .
but after watching video , he was stunned to find he had captured lightning .
team england managers remind athletes to be ` considerate ' to each other .
 the tunnels first opened in 1927 to service london 's mail rail trains , but were abandoned in 2003 .
ms cowles says she is finally getting to know her daughter .
 the abc facebook moderator accidentally sent a personal post about tucking your children into bed at night .
former .
clegg left pleading with party not to sack him in wake of election disaster .
her dad went skydiving with her for her 16th birthday .'
the boy has been reunited with his mother and showed no signs of injury .'
 the 32-year-old had been due to run in the 10,000 m on tuesday .
roberto mancini keen on becoming italy manager .
 roberto martinez backs plans to introduce premier league b teams .
tejeda plays for deportivo saprissa and played all world cup matches .
leonardo ulloa deal set to be completed for initial fee of # 7.5 m .'
 michael laudrup was fired by swansea in february 2014 .
the former denmark international won the capital one cup at swansea .
 real madrid tweeted a picture of gareth bale holding his cake .
 chilling bubbly stops it developing a browning compound called 5-hmf .
 ronaldinho is renting his house in rio via a property website .
the former barcelona forward was left out of brazil 's world cup squad .
just five days later , brown walked down the aisle .
mother shehnila taufiq , 47 , and her three children were all killed in the fire .
hamilton finished third , one place ahead of his mercedes team-mate .'
brit hollingsworth has been sent back to australia .
 sami khedira was honoured by boyhood club tv oeffingen in light of germany 's world cup win .
tv oeffinger have renamed their ground as the ` sami khedira stadium '
 ben foster commits long-term future to west brom with new contract .
 megan fletcher wins gold for england at 2014 commonwealth games .
36-year-old beat cameroon 's helene wezeu dombeu in the judo final .
 danny williams wins commonwealth games gold over fighter adrian leat .
it took place during 1981 fa cup semi-final between spurs and wolverhampton wanderers .
 claims that 34-year-old may have been involved in a fight and murdered .
dr phil is an outspoken supporter of same-sax marriage .'
they then put the piece of paper into its mouth to banish their worries .
prosecutors accused firm run by his wife of not being ` legitimate business ' .
adams - as head designer - wore one of n1 's suits to his own court fight .
the ` elysium ' star campaigned aggressively for obama in 2008 .
he plunged 10-feet on to patio below , but fall was broken by a cushion .
however it seems that england fans are backing the germans .'
 new research shows most americans believe they have no say in what happens in government .
15 council members were asked to grant permission for filming .
is being marketed as a ` cosy room ' where city workers can go to unwind .
cambridge city council has now launched investigation into incident .
he added he just wants to connect .
 leeds schoolgirl iona lindley suffers from cystic fibrosis .
 april hall , 24 , from bradford , had normal pregnancy until labour in june 2011 .
ms hall received compensation from the bradford hospital trust .
miss hardy , 46 , says she will now have to marry darren bunce ` in a field ' .
paris ' younger brother barron hospitalised with stitches .
 kate lappin , 32 , from warrington had issues with food growing up .
numerous complaints to the derbyshire county council were ignored .
stars alongside top model eliza cummings in new campaign .
pregnant .
tennis ace seen smiling for school photo aged 12 .
 amy , 24 , created dresses inspired by wimbledon and festivals .
after 24 hours , all the photos , messages and even friendships are deleted .
police say goode 's bmw parked a mile from her home showed obvious signs of a struggle .
a report by the union of concerned scientists -lrb- ucs -rrb- said that jamestown will likely be underwater by the end of the century .
 the suspected home invasion happened in the 400 block of doheny drive .
another agent also is an emt and used a defibrillator on the woman .
 goalkeeper caballero will provide competition for joe hart .
manuel pellegrini worked with the argentine during his time in la liga .
bacary sagna and fernando have already moved to the etihad .
 alvaro negredo claims he is happy at man city .
hamilton will start sunday 's hungarian grand prix in 21st spot .
 survey of 127 bosses including bt , tesco and department for busines .
wedding brought forward from the summer because of media interest .
now he has been warned not to travel to scotland to see sick father .
 anthony stokes , 15 , successfully underwent heart transplant surgery on tuesday evening .
jayden 's mother erica simms , 47 , shrieked ` my baby ' as she left the court .
 letter circulated in parliament claiming speaker is not being impartial .
they will have fought hmrc for months before going to tax adjudicator .
rutherford is now targeting another gold at the european championships .
but the black cats will not be signing christian atsu from chelsea .'
 bony is valued at # 25m by swansea , with davies at # 12m and vorm at # 8m .
chris adcock and imogen bankier were previously playing partners .
england have dominated the triathlon event with the brownlee brothers .
 jesse trentadue is demanding fbi release footage proving a second man was involved in the atrocity .
 dan brown 's inferno angers an official in the philippines , who wrote a letter expressing disappointment in the ` inaccurate portrayal ' of manila .
in inferno , a character describes the city as ` the gates of hell ' .
she filed for divorce last month after being married to her husband for 14 years .
but despite suspecting something was wrong she ` did n't want to be a nuisance ' by challenging her doctor 's opinion .
year .
his mother mikayla macmillan , said : ` whatever life threw at him , max seemed to fight on and was an inspiration .
chemicals found in foil , cans and some containers and wrappers .
 workers in abattoir infected during illegal slaughter of cattle .
since he became communities secretary , 5 million lost weekly collections .
when questioned , circus staff claimed the incident was a publicity stunt .'
it was due to ferry the prince around the city during trip for wwf meeting .
but it would n't start and has been abandoned in disgrace .
british embassy in romania denies that the car ever belonged to them .
 hacker ` nitrous ' had seized control of email account belonging to roger ver .
they announced on .
he claims council said information came from distraught family member .
couple were in drug-induced psychosis after taking m-cat and diazepam .
 chris hanson-abbott developed the sound in the late 1970s .
 more than half of local authorities in england warn parents if their child is overweight .
plans announced by david cameron as part of the help to work scheme .
more homes were built under labour than since coalition came in .'
# 24,000-a-year school in east sussex dogged by claims of historic abuse .
she is charged with two counts of first-degree murder in the deaths of calyx , her 16-year-old daughter and beau , her 13-year-old son .
the 37-year-old pleaded guilty in queensland court but escaped conviction on thursday .
an investigation was launched , and is still running five months on .
lawyer terry o'gorman is scathing of the length of the investiation .
boatloads of 203 asylum seekers intercepted off cocos islands in june .
famously handsome danes include nikolaj coster-waldau .
lewis gill , 21 , received four-year sentence for unprovoked attack .
he was one of the battle of britain pilots chosen to lead churchill 's coffin .
 dame gillian lynne has released dvd longevity through exercise .
 the album contains pages of messages , photographs and sketches .
cafe de paris in rome was purchased by mafia in 2005 .
 ` professional mistress ' sarah symonds claims she had sex with clifford .
went into cardiac arrest while playing football with his three friends .
 ranjit uppelle , 41 , and kavita jnagal , 37 , ran simply recruitment business .
uppelle given a nine-month suspended jail sentence , jnagal six .
they were hidden behind his home in the village of wyverstone , suffolk .
ceremony took place in the presence of grand duke henri of luxembourg .'
the fire brigade were also called to the scene in middlesbrough .
they flushed the five ducklings through the system to free them .
the lawyer thinks the chocolate bar is ` inappropriate ' for children .
nestle , who manufacture milkybars , deny the image is a penis .
 32-year-old became first person to swim the 1,000-mile coast of britain .
 the system is .
montenegro forward scored twice in 5-1 win over ac milan .
 brazil star neymar out of world cup with broken vertebrae .
simpson is room mates with new signing ferdinand .
targeting more gold medals at the rio olympics in 2016 .'
 farah has been in hospital with abdominal pains , but still in squad .
januzaj describes fellow countryman ekangamene as his ` brother ' .
 arsenal star podolski tweets selfie with khedira , muller and co .
 google glass helps atletico coaches receive live stats from the game .
defending champion lizzie armistead finished in third .
mr ytterdahl , thought it was better than the alternative - a barbie doll .
fbi says in its blog that the report was never investigated .
 chelsea could cash in on fernando torres after buying diego costa .
 the 85-year-old man was driving along the m1 in south yorkshire .
 footage shows protesters stealing the displays in jackson , mississippi .
to which officer replies ` i 'm watching it '
but now council inspectors have ruled the house is ` two self-contained units ' .
and the bowler credits coach peter moores for positive approach .
 whitlock won his third gold medal in glasgow with victory in men 's floor .
 heaton has signed a new contract after arriving at the club last summer .
 johnson tweeted the photo of pepe reina and himself on us tour .
england saw off new zealand on penalties to advance to the hockey final where they will face australia women .
senegalese forward doukara joins on season-long loan from catania .
he spent nearly a month on life support as his family braced for his death .
the child gets the miami heat player down to a t - even his tattoos .
mother rebecca , 39 , a forensic scientist , nicknamed her daughter ` bub ' .
her family has put themselves in massive debt to fund the operation .
the 13-month-old is now in foster care .
the bones have now been collected and stored ready to be re-buried .
has now claimed he was ` set up to look like a moron ' by producers .
he has been jailed for eight months after pleading guilty to escape .
 nick hancock has been living on rockall - the most remote outpost in the uk .
he burgled elsie mowbray , 87 , just 12 days after magistrates freed him .
harris went on to rob # 40 from a baby girl 's money box on the same day .
edward viii doted on his then mistress freda dudley ward whom he reveals he was missing greatly .
pimlott burst into flames after being hit with taser and died from burns .
 lone ranger outfit sells for $ 195,000 -lrb- # 114,000 -rrb- at western-themed auction .
took money from staff before escaping in a metallic green peugeot .'
it was unclear whether farrar and braden , a father of three children , knew each other .
 lawyer stephen page said australia 's surrogacy laws are too restrictive .
 more than 2000 marched down george street in sydney 's centre .
it was spotted about 50 metres away from the shore of warriewood beach .
 cerantonio was born in melbourne and was arrested on friday .
 david janzow was captured on camera being arrested on tuesday while paramedics tried to revive his son nearby .
in that match , they came from 22 points down to win 24-22 in 33 minutes .
it was australia 's second clean sweep in the pool for the day .
 janette ishiuyama , 41 , noticed more nappy seepage in her children .
she suffers from a rare immune condition called ahus .
 brett peter cowan was interviewed in relation to 1993 assault of boy , 6 .
he used his expertise to devise an idea for a portable washing machine .
they last made contact with family members on thursday .
 accident happened at around 3.30 pm today near epping .
architect hippolyte blanc designed it as series of .
 craig allen , 50 , from sheffield , s yorks , sentenced to 20 years .
former auxiliary nurse has never married nor had any children .
weeks later , the young couple holidayed together in seychelles .
 christopher .
23-year-old earned enough for a deposit for his own 187mph motor .
webster was jailed for six years and harcourt for four years and 12 weeks .
 philip baden watkins , 47 , vandalised flaxley abbey in the forest of dean .
 28-year-old prince amedeo is sixth-in-line to the belgian throne .
couple wed at the basilica of our lady in trastevere in rome .
his ` right-hand man ' , anwar bashir , was found guilty of three offences and jailed for 15 years .
heroin was concealed in specially designed body suits , books and suitcases .
 judy murray admits that it is still nerve-racking to watch her son andy play .
 extremists handed out ultimatum after seizing city of mosul last month .
officer daniel pantaleo has been accused of choking him to death .
nypd report states that he ' ` did not appear in great distress ' .
scenes include men urinating from windows and children being offered beer .
the vessel was commissioned in the 1990s in a bid to become the world 's fastest super-yacht .
ms mitchell tweeted alice to promise she would - and teenager was delighted .
recovered from tears as she left southwark crown court with slight smile .
but then they waited 42 years to tie the knot in a huddersfield ceremony .
josefina says she has now forgiven stepmother , who has since been jailed .
official was barred from all 36 pubs in the town after the incident .
she quickly moved off , estimating her stop at just seven seconds .
he was adopted by a family , who have a pet dog named barney .
he calls for ` accentism ' to be tackled in the same way as racism and sexism .
 drug addicts paid their last respects to catalina , an aids victim who died in the underground tunnels below bucharest .
 nicole reyes was convicted for killing husband jorge in dominican republic .
 xavier washington was in the booking area of marion county jail in florida .
guard tried to move him to a holding cell as he was being disruptive .
she told pupils that good impressions are better than good qualifications .
the rest of manchester city 's world cup stars are back in training .
the dutchman has clashed with players at bayern munich and barcelona .
 united players to eat together everyday at carrington at 1pm after training .
ryan giggs says all training has been planned by louis van gaal .
manuel pellegrini worked with the argentine during his time in la liga .
 manager 's wife manuela died from cancer in 2007 .
 wayne rooney 's position coming under scrutiny .
 man united will not try and sign barca midfielder fabregas this summer .
bryden macpherson says there is no chance he will retire after rounds of 90 and 80 .'
pair know each other well from training sessions .
vincent kompany could return to belgium side after training on monday .
barca youngster has also interested liverpool , arsenal and tottenham .
nastasic signed from fiorentina in 2012 but has struggled with injuries .
 murdered schoolgirl 's sister called on pm to keep vows on press regulation .
brazil star sustained injury against colombia at the world cup .'
experiments found brain activity and aptitude to remember information was affected by one fizzy drink a day .
new york was voted the most friendly city in the world .
 sinkhole near sharon springs , kansas , is 90 feet deep and measures 200 feet across .'
many have been forced out from shacks , and even by their own families .
bolt celebrated with crowd after win taking selfies with and high-fiving fans .'
all official royal engagements this week cancelled or postponed .
mundo deportivo have reported that united are set to make a bid in the region of # 30million for the winger .
qpr ijn talks over signing of leroy fer and rio ferdinand .
boots have launched diy kit for # 49.99 .
includes a gel and ` light gun ' to whiten teeth .
31 white crosses at school cemetery - but 50 grave shafts found .
as mr steer received life-prolonging care his wife began fertility treatment .
 the canadian bank of england governor warns that a rate rise is on the way .
 tony abbott announced official memorial will take place august 7 .
 pegasus is the cheapest flight in europe based on average price per route .
 the hostel - dubbed the train by backpackers - is made entirely out of old locomotive carriages .
ricky hatton 's popular autobiography released in paperback next week .
 alasdair cook and angelo mathews have been spoken to about their team 's slow over rates .
the queen reportedly prompted kate 's more sophisticated wardrobe .
arrests come despite insistence that the mine had high safety standards .
violent protests continued in istanbul and ankara , the capital , last night .
 nina davuluri was at central york high school in pennsylvania as part of a diversity event .
now suing on the grounds of age discrimination and wrongful termination .
 manuel sendejas , 14 , was walking home from school with his friends when they got into a fight .
 david lavera , an aspiring actor from california , allegedly picked the teen girl up from her home in baxter , iowa .
 fire broke out in alexandria at 1.40 am in an industrial complex .
the ryngs had been married almost six years and had three children aged four , three and 20 months .
 james johns , 33 , has been arrested in snohomish county , washington , after leading police on a wild police chase .
the 17-year-old has also been charged .
 erick ortiz , 16 , drowned during a field trip to atlantic park in east los angeles .
 ryan hester , 30 , died after jumping into a lake from a 30-foot-high-platform .
cloned devices have appeared on sites such as china 's taobao .
of android .
but , brazil 's neymar was the most talked about player during the contest .
the # 179.50 product lets homeowners see who is at their door .
 oliver benjamin set up dudeism inspired by character in the big lebowski .
lawyers represent 16 youngsters from african schools and orphanages .
he tottered out of his bedroom and plunged through a gap in the bannisters .
student , from sunderland , was with friends when his costume caught fire .
the bouncer admitted unlawful wounding but said it was an accident .
said it was second time an ambulance hit his office in southfields , london .
he assumed it would be simple to connect to mains electricity , but it was n't .
disney , facebook , samsung and nando 's all feature on top 50 imports list .
police and council are unable to trace the pack after three visits to area .'
 car rolled through cordon after it was set on fire as part of display .
he was ordered to spend 30 days in jail and booked by the weber county sheriff 's office on monday .
 aleksander doba set off in october from lisbon , portugal .
ms kerr said she felt too self-conscious to leave the house .
by contrast , england captain steven gerrard is enjoying a family holiday .
 those who need documents will have applications fast tracked for free .
experts believe if plants thrive in space then humans ` probably can ' too .
 lee weathersby , 13 , was shot dead on new year 's eve .
 jessica livings , 19 , was infected with tb from her pet kitten onyx .
 anna mazover and diana nicholl-pierson say they were sexually harassed .
 london 's tate modern bought installation entitled 's ** t models ' for # 16,000 .
installation is made from sheep excrement , plaster , cardboard and wool .
 paul white thought to have shot his long-term partner shani cockrell .
 sally stickland , 72 , drove into the back of husband john , 73 .
bones up to 100,000 years old and include mammoths and american lions .'
also spoke about husband bill , saying she ` knew he was trouble ' .
 la deputies round up 275 alleged pedophiles in operation broken heart .
swallowed wire from metal brush thinking it was piece of crispy meat .
 victorian pilot jeremy miller runs a flying school and specialises in aerobatic stunts .
mr miller said the sensation was like being as ` free as a bird ' and that aerobatics was limitless .
men 's 4x100m final featuring usian bolt at 9.15 pm on saturday .
holmes won 800m gold in 1994 commonwealths before olympic crowns .
new attacking coach sheringham arrives for first day at work .
alan pardew knows he needs to be in champions league .
 hull have made numerous bids for andrew robertson .
 mario balotelli will be given a clean slate , says filippo inzaghi .
 emmanuel riviere and siem de jong train with the newcastle squad .
robert koren linked with move to melbourne in a league .'
australian fans are not happy with hopping our way into history .
embedded with local afghan forces , growing beard and learning language .
andrew told the former america 's next top model contestant he was trying to do what he could ` to make his life better ' .  '
 designer , 65 , partied on board a 130ft yacht with twelve friends .
 tour shows people curious about loos around the toilets of london .
he has has a wife and four children in sydney but claims they are divorced .
mohamed and sharrouf are fighting for an al-qaeda off-shoot in syria .'
medication and watch him take it - but officials say he left .
 researchers in poland have found a prehistoric meteorite in a hut .
he has joined dynamo moscow for # 7million on a three-year deal .
english duo won 11-9 11-7 in hour and 19 minutes .
alan pardew is optimistic ahead of the new campaign .
 brian o'driscoll will join jose mourinho on bt sport next season .
31-year-old was the first woman to win women 's boxing gold at the olympics .
she also gives you a sneak peak into the june glossybox .
 researchers asked middle-aged americans about drinking habits .
mr christian is suing barneys and nypd for unspecified damages .'
duchess was taken with knitted doll toy on women 's institute stand .
 mp 's brand strasbourg ruling an ` infringement of parliament 's rights ' .
pilot was responsible for heroic first ever daylight bombing raid on berlin .
 police officer tweets cartoon showing woman being gagged with seatbelt .
 zookeeper surprised to discover red panda nuturing baby twins during his early morning rounds at drusillas park in alfriston , east sussex .
warned she will go to prison if she does not stop playing loud music .'
 angelic ` anji ' dean , 17 , was found by police in washington state on wednesday in a shopping mall .
` she deceived me .
strong winds knocked over trees and electric poles .
questions over why kibby , described as a ` creepy , gun-obsessed , oddball ' with a long criminal record , was not already on the police 's radar .
 state of the nation health report suggests anti-smoking and drink driving campaigns have had positive effect .
 nasa will send an identical twin to the international space station for a year .
 former president bill clinton gave 542 speeches between 2001 , when his term ended , and 2013 .
the attacks happened on tuesday with one boy left in a serious condition .
they then crashed into a nearby pole and the passengers fled .
broccoli contains sulforaphane which prevents respiratory inflammation .
the ultra heavy-lift amphibious connector -lrb- uhac -rrb- can travel on land and sea .
 the image was on sale in the home decoration category .
 andrew bell , 50 , pursued the sixth form pupil for nine months .
 furniture store in bielefeld , germany sold the hitler mugs in error .
they are now offering a # 15 coupon to anyone who returns the mugs .
ms merkel has refused to come with him to wwii memorials in berlin .
family says they are ` deeply moved ' by support from fans around the world .
 last week star wars episode vii cast and crew descended on puzzlewood .
 lisa worthington found the mysterious remains in weston-super-mare .
grueling two decades included failed ivf treatment and three miscarriages .
 the ground is sinking up to a foot each year each year in california farming areas .
diaz pushed her away and continued his report .
 kathleen murphy , 25 , was arrested in connecticut for dui and other driving infractions .
martin has been sentenced to 22 years in prison for his crimes .'
 hundreds of bags were left piling up as struggling airport staff dealt with a huge backlog by hand .
 centre for social justice calls for community banks to help the poorest .
 lib dems claim record growth would not be happening without them .
party leaders are in glasgow for opening of commonwealth games .
mortgage costs take up 20 % of family incomes , but rent 40 % .'
 the rev mike terry and his wife the rev nicky-sue terry will both be vicars .
they are being installed at st mary 's church in warsash , hampshire today .
 common , which aired on bbc one last night , focused on joint enterprise law .
ingham , of blackley , manchester , denies murder but admits manslaughter .
 hope the border terrier 's front leg was broken when her mother stood on it .
miss faulkner , from stratford-upon-avon , thought she had a ` second chance ' .
said to have been paid by edf 's charitable foundation and associated firms .
mr proglio denies pressuring edf or related companies to pay ms khalil .
 kevin liverpool , 36 , and junior bradshaw , 33 , conspired to kill singer , 27 .
channel 5 said the episode had been checked and was only ` mildly risqu\xc3\xa9 '
news of her split from prince harry was confirmed by friends last night .
 former prime minister launches keep our british pensions campaign .
male teacher has now left emmanuel college in gateshead , tyne and wear .
the 18-year-old has recently left the school after completing her a-levels .
 5,000 shoppers quizzed by advertising agency on their favourite food brands .
in one call , he reportedly bragged : ` this is adam lanza .
she and her newborn daughter tested to positive to meth after giving birth on sunday .
 lloyd woodlief , 84 , shot dead in a mobile home in kittrell , north carolina , on monday night .
now contestants will be told when to stop by a new acme thunderer .
that 's the same kind of whistle used by referees in the premier league .
the entire dawlish railway line reopened this morning - with the first trains passing through shortly after 6am .
 japan failed to break down the resistance of 10-man greece in second world cup match .
used images of his parents to create the final picture .
our winner is 11-month-old marc younis from london .
 the supermarket is becoming increasingly popular with the middle classes .
the stall will close for the last time on saturday 28th june .'
vanished from pearl beach , on the central coast , nsw .
alleged to have then taken 400-mile round trip to venice to dump body .
 jane wiggett , 57 , was found dead in bed in her cheltenham home .
 matthew barzun was seen at noted celebrity hangout last night .
deadly road accidents are a major problem in china .'
dallas star jesse metcalfe swept courtney off her feet and he was one of the loves of her life .
 shelley mackenney spiralled into debt after working at a bank .
group relaxed with a walk along waterfront .
crowned first professional prince gorge lookalike .
the canberra-born teenager is currently ranked 144th in the world .
 terence huang snapped mysterious objects floating above otago harbour .
two types of tag are in development - and could be in use by december .'
but gynaecologist katrina erskine says the doctor did not carry it out .
 officials from 68 councils and quangos attended conference in cannes .
the reason given was that the guard could not be found .
wayne rooney looks downbeat as his warms up for training .
arena amazonia pitch has been painted green in places .
 andrea pirlo hints at offer from tottenham .
villa boss paul lambert set to revive # 4million bid for swansea midfielder ki sung-yeung .'
newcastle have brought in six new players - including remy cabella .
 hamilton trails rosberg by 22 points after his retirement in montreal .
 maldonado at the bottom of the championship table after six races .
alonso finished the second session fastest ahead of lewis hamilton .
 sebastian vettel completed only four laps before the fault with his red bull .
ecclestone , an 83-year-old billionaire , arrived for start of trial on thursday .
arsenal and liverpool are interested milner and richards who want to leave due to a lack of first-team football .
 graham burgess was caught after trying to hire an undercover police officer .
messi and his argentina side were beaten by germany in the world cup final .'
located off the western australia coast , the wave is know as the right .
during a wipe out , one of the surfers suffered a facial gash and ruptured eardrum .
 rory mcilroy tees off at 1.45 pm for his opening round at valhalla .
for 60 % of brits , local culture and sites of historic interest top list .
new-look locomotive reveals observation cars with glass walls .
he said : ` they think they are going to make a difference but they wo n't ' .
 mr clegg will talk about his party 's belief in benefits brought by immigrants .
comes after mr cameron announced to close door on ` soft touch britain '
tebar came through the bernabeu ranks but played only once for first team .
world no 10 was beaten by grigor dimitrov in wimbledon quarter-final .
red devils frontman says dutch manager has given man united players a different way of looking at football .
gunners are on a pre-season training camp in austria .
 the withered foliage has been on sale for a week in exeter , devon .
 charge of 127 bolivars is being levied to pay for new air conditioning unit .
his lawyer said he was not addicted to it and used it to sharpen up at work .
 it has been revealed that the under fire 9/11 museum will house an 80-seat restaurant called the pavilion cafe .
she said that she and kate ` support each other and get each other 's opinions and things ' .
during chase , two of hostages were thrown from bullet-riddled vehicle .
uruguay striker banned for four months after attacking giorgio chiellini .
in doing so , they will get invitations to lavish events and holidays , it says .
firefighters rescued ms hoskins from beneath the cab .
a similar restriction was extended to youtube last year .
these genes are grown in baker 's yeast before being extracted .
 former ny cop kenneth moreno , 46 , was cleared in 2011 of raping a drunk woman while on duty in 2008 .
germany .
supermarkets are upping their stock of venison to cater for the demand .
asda has even added venison to its christmas line .
while being questioned by the police , cooper admitted to engaging in sex acts with the boy on the road and back in chandler .
mr wotherspoon spent 14 days - and # 4,000 - creating den for his children .'
a friend says mr zervas had his hells angels tattoos removed .
a friend says mr zervas had his hells angels tattoos removed .
 derby completed signing of george thorne from west brom on july 19 .
thorne injured knee ligaments in a pre-season friendly in austria .
stung by twitter users who said she was ` chubby ' after cbb .
 katie price , 36 , says she 's never been one to wear make-up .
continued celebrations at lou lou 's club .
came to london to share her grooming tips and beauty secrets .
30-piece autumn 14 range for lipsy landed online yesterday .
 harry devert , 32 , went missing in a troubled area of mexico on january 25 .
memes and tweets mock disgraced champion side as ` the titanic ' .
death .
london ambulance service has expressed its ` sincere apologies '
 u.s. officials spotted the smuggler 's speedboat south of the dominican republic .
mr edwards played his father guy in the 2013 film .
seen by horrified spectators in caserta near naples .'
senators voted to oust him from senate after he was convicted of fraud .
fire engines were on standby as the drama unfolded .
 the pope met with six victims of paedophile priests at the vatican today .
francis had been accused of silence on the paedophile priests scandal .'
using her to bring down berlusconi .'
 the band are scheduled to perform on june 22 at the chariot-race stadium .
 new security laws will be start being rolled out in a fortnight .
 jessica and liam posselwhite from guisborough , north yorkshire , proud parents of freya , lily and eleanor .
members pay # 15 a month to have access to ` friends ' profiles .
darren was transformed into night 's watch warrior jon snow while his bride dressed as daenerys targaryen .
 photographer maria slough 's exhibition opens tonight .
 50 to 64-year-old men who do regular diy are less likely to die young .
animal will now be monitored for five weeks to check it is happy in its new enclosure .
the alleged run was punishment for the team 's poor performance .
he is on conditional bail before return to southwark crown court .
mr waltis said he was fearing for his life but just concentrated on the road .
the recovery operation will now involve land and air search .
 chantelle gough started cheerleading at age 16 after doing gymnastics .
 csiro diet program features weight loss consultations sessions .
people can lose about a kilo a week over six months on the diet .'
his arrival in december was timed with his girlfriend 's birthday .
gasps can be heard from the pair as the mammals approached them .
the problem affected self-serve customers buying items under $ 10 .
 an asylum seeker pleaded guiltily to sexually assaulting a young woman .
he attacked the teenager on sydney 's anzac bridge in january .
boasted about having sex with corpses and ` wheeling them around ' at night .
those in coventry , birmingham and london splash the most cash .
 jennifer bodek , 49 , from thurso in the highlands weighed 39 stone .
 the poisoned cats all lived on albert street in padiham , near burnley .
 the boy is alleged to have raped his classmate after an english class .
the defendant has pleaded not guilty to the rape of a 10-year-old boy .
foster tried for damages of # 6,000 following fall at strangeways prison .
 wesley williams , 29 , jailed for life with a minimum of 29 years .
 margaret woodward , 68 , was repeatedly burgled by patrick reid , 51 .
poll shows one in four britons even have the same meal on the same day .
argentine goalkeeper will go up against hart for city 's no 1 shirt .
atsu was wanted by celtic before his # 5million move to chelsea .
kr reykavik 's atli sigurjonsson is looking forward to playing celtic .
 stromsgodset assistant coach believes new celtic boss ronny deila talked himself into the job .
lebron james leaves with cramp during after air conditioning failure .
 sabella will step down after sunday 's final at the maracana stadium .
 chelsea legend trained with the squad for the first time following his return to the club .
 greg rutherford is in long jump final action from 6.45 pm .
goalkeeper pep reina , whose future is uncertain , jumped over bars .
new girlfriend has boasted on twitter that ` being small is a blessing ' .
 bacary sagna completed a free transfer to manchester city from arsenal .
there have been allegations of corruption into the awarding of world cup .
 serena williams enjoy holiday in croatia with friends .
toure key to puma 's africa appeal with manufacturer a kit supplier to ivory coast .
british fisherman demand protection from the royal navy 's three-strong fisheries protection squadron .
final episode drew a peak of 9.1 million viewers - more than last saturday 's x factor .
 500-year-old wine cup was sold at auction in hong kong this morning .
15th-century cups take their name from their hen and cockerel decoration .
has now been compared to olympic ski jump competitor eddie the eagle .'
van gaal believes he has the experience to help united .'
baku , azerbaijan 's capital city , will play host to the street race .
spokeswoman confirmed ` an altercation ' took place as he was having a drink .
england paceman had to be ushered away from incident with rahane .
 harriotte burnt her leg with gravy while volunteering .
ghosts even followed when family moved from manchester to cheshire .  '
the steeplechaser says she is worried she upset her ` hero ' kylie .
 laith samardali has been fined $ 730 for hitting a boy with a bottle in the crowd of a commonwealth games boxing quarter-final .
the mother-of-two has taken three months off work to complete the task .
 bob geldof spoke at the aids 2014 conference in melbourne this afternoon .
at present australia contributes 0.35 percent of gni to foreign aid , half the amount recommended by the un for developed countries .'
revelations come from new authorised biography of the treasurer .
warren smith got within 10 metres of the scene and snapped pictures .
he remains in a critical condition in sydney 's royal north shore hospital .
 prince charles was handed a giant pretzel when he visited a bakery .
 michael harp , 29 , was arrested for shoplifting and public intoxication in corbin , kentucky , on tuesday .
luiz was so touched he put the letter on instagram and thanked youngster .
he then went to another apartment a few miles away to look for a man he believed was involved with madden .
 tesco will build homes on 1,100 acres of land which it has not yet built on .
 team won famous trophy after beating argentina in brazil world cup final .
but fa chief reveals the trophy had a piece ` chipped off ' during homecoming .
 schoolboy says he was told to colour the white parts of his trainers black .
he got them to pick a playing card before sniffing and tickling their feet .
the 51-year-old was caught after pupils told other teachers of his actions .
 june downer slapped and hit disabled residents of a home in bradford .
 francois hollande booed as he laid wreath at tomb of the unknown soldier .
 the woman shot in chest in village of lathuile , near lake annecy .
saad , wife ikbal and her mother suhaila al-allaf gunned down on holiday .'
 ghislaine dupont and claude verlon were interviewing separatist leader .
 proposed camp would be in 16th arrondissement .
 there was public outcry in france and uk after insensitive poster went up .
a giant advert for the film was placed at the exact spot the princess died .
swinging consists of one-on-one encounters , threesomes or foursomes .'
edmar has now been drafted into the military following country 's crisis .
he 's sung to thousands of babies at magee-womens hospital , pittsburgh .
 alexander hunter was jailed after leaving victim jonny smith in a coma .
they state having a pet next to you can keep you awake during the night .
the 28-year-old wrote a highly critical review after a visit to opera bar .
 school bus caught fire on a sunshine coast highway in queensland on tuesday .
 greenpeace have uploaded controversial activist video to youtube .
he then sped off in car and crashed it in coniston road , 500 yards away .
comes just six years after jimmy mizen was brutally murdered at bakery .
 gang of 11 boys allegedly beat to death zhang tai , eight , in hebei province .
one victim 's father said it was common for school buses to be overcrowded .
but he was caught after victim left iphone in cab - and app tracked vehicle .
 the centre for independent studies proposes a parental leave loan which parents would repay when they returned to work .
 andrew darling escaped from a victoria prison on foot this morning .
richardson was sentenced to 27 years behind bars after a five-week trial .
the 17-year-old had photographs published around the world after working for global news agency reuters .
cps ruled it was ` not in public interest ' to prosecute over mp 's case .
 gavin duffy was run over and killed at dubai marina on saturday .
drastically changed diet and discovered a love of running .
 nikolai rakossi , 60 , arrested near moscow .
 robert muchamore says children are now more desensitised to violence .
overall just 28 per cent said lecturers were enthusiastic .
 temperatures could reach 24c in some parts of the country on saturday .
 bishopscourt owned by the anglican church for the past century .
 drivers at alcohol delivery service bevchain could strike on wednesday .
the company are the largest distributor of alcoholic beverage in australia .
police pulled the man over after they received noise complaints .
 the naked body of an unidentified chinese woman was found by a jogger on saturday .
miss stone has covered vogue once before , in july 2012 .'
 doctors say diy sunscreens do n't offer broadband protection .
but the bbc refused to give details of 9,000 other flights for sport events .'
 elsa carneau , 25 , found face down in water in kensington , west london .
last year he defended the spare room subsidy in the house of commons .
investment division to lose 7,000 jobs while a total of 19,000 will go by 2016 .
 researchers from the university of leicester looked at 256 migrants .
but now aged 74 and with dodgy knee , actor can no longer perform stunt .
she was only 10-years-old when first charged in the 2012 death of three-month-old brooklyn foss-greenaway .
jemima , 16 , then vanished after she spotted her two brothers in a field .
family claim # 30,000 of mrs howarth 's savings remains unaccounted for .
suarez serving a four month ban for biting italy 's giorgio chiellini .
mike said of seven-month-old mia ` she will be whatever she wants to be '
probe found police failed to conduct a ` timely investigation ' into that attack .
her boyfriend , wayne dunson , then appeared and got down on one knee .'
 swansea could move for # 3million adam matthews .
 the frog was spotted as the ladee spacecraft took off from virgina .
oldham boss lee johnson left the door open for scholes to come out of retirement late last year .'
 the canterbury crusaders players were game hunting in south africa .
the landmark organisation group called the images ` disgusting ' .
unemployed stallard , from portsmouth , could be heard by mourners there .
stars as femme fatale thief at swanky london party in advert .'
gloria de piero under threat in ashfield in nottinghamshire , academic says .
cissokho appeared 19 times for the reds during a loan spell last season .
 fragapane won fourth gold medal of games in individual floor event .
costa and torres look competitive as they look to prove themselves .
joe fitzpatrick was seen off by flynn in the lightweight final .
two-year-old got tangled in beaded cord loop while playing with brother .
nose is missing and face is covered with scabs .
 jason mitchell , 25 , was convicted of first-degree felony murder for his role in the bungled 2007 burglary .
 new advert for morrisons shows child removing salad from her burger .
flight rescheduled and left for north carolina this morning .'
 genesis rincon was shot saturday night in the temple by a stray bullet .
the 12-year-old was riding a scooter with two friends - they were unharmed .
 donald frazier , 69 was shot with his own gun by a suspected robber .
 henry owsley and danica cordell-reeh split in 2000 .
 carlos mercado allegedly killed the unidentified victim following a fight early tuesday morning .
the incident happened at tropical motel in houston , texas .
munoz turned up in a hospital with stab wound to his thigh and offered conflicting stories explaining his injury .
 stacie parsons , 25 , charged with capital murder in the killing of 4-year-old victoria wyatt in henderson county , texas .
 daryl rasmussen , 58 , pleaded guilty to second-degree murder counts in the 2011 killings of ronald ford and ramiro sanchez in denver .
no american airlines cracked the top ten .
 computer scientists in barcelona aimed to create an algorithm suggesting routes in london that are ` not only short but also emotionally pleasant ' .
 elaine mckay admitted sending the teenager naked and topless photos .
previously said he is excited to compete in his first commonwealth games .
bolt and his manager have today denied that he made the comments .
 meat was planned for stores after customers in london snapped it up .
new girlfriend has boasted on twitter that ` being small is a blessing ' .
 alcinda tobbal became cleaning obsessive after pricking finger at work .
the ` tower of david ' has been home to more 1,150 people .
he and the child 's maternal family were battling for custody of mia .
ms baturina is russia 's richest woman and lives in holland park , london .
zmapp is made from the antibodies of animals infected with the disease .
 sarah palin was fined for speeding in her home town of wasilla , alaska .
 jean sloan , 81 , was being pushed in a wheelchair when tragedy struck .
policy will be enforced across all parts of the 1,850-acre campus in athens .
police will investigate cctv footage showing the incident .
 anthony maslin will take indefinite leave from his job at buxton resources .
a belt bomb killed five and injured 90 in a baghdad market place on friday .
 mother-of-four has designed a range of headscarves in afl colours .
her creations were launched ahead of the league 's multicultural round .
the ten metre sinkhole has forced road closures since sunday morning .'
 animated films take over from action movies as most popular genre in uk .
success is attributed to the fact most film goers are youngsters .
eleven sixth form students had to redo one year 's worth of work .
100g of popular thin and crispy pizzas have 260 calories and 29g carb .
 45 % want cameron and osborne in charge when economy is in trouble .
toddler tried to swing on the heavy surround but it fell on top of her .
 lithuanian says unconscious man found in peterborough park is his brother .
found near cairo in egypt the tomb belongs to a ` priest ' named persaneb .
matthew was bullied for two weeks before he took his life , they said .
 study by university of utah suggests drinking is liked to an area of the brain .
comes as documentary showing violent acts on the road is screened .'
he hopes to play for the first team and represent england .
changed to ukip because of tory stance on wind farms .
also believes that the uk should ` be out of europe '
only one in five patients suffering a mini-stroke thought to call 999 .'
 child was crossing road with her mother when the 4x4 appeared .
it was the first time the unusual construction technique was used in the country .
the tourist town of dukezong was destroyed in the blaze which raged for more than 10 hours .
panesar was dropped from the team following humiliating defeat .
over # 200,000 was invested in the ` sickening ' payday loan company .
 oxana zubakova had # 83,000 seized by police from a security deposit box .
hendrix lived in flat with his girlfriend in summer of 1968 .
the 50-year-old beast was poisoned before poachers hacked-off its tusks .
the company responded that there have been no brake-related injuries reported for this model , and that the brakes are being upgraded ` as part of continuous improvement '
 a moving train crashed into another stopped at sangwangsimni station .
the big bang theory looks to be the next show to get the same treatment .'
 colton burpo was rushed into surgery , aged three , with a ruptured appendix .
 karen smith heard voices outside but thought nothing of it until she spotted men loading huge screens into van .
 the twins were born at hellabrunn zoo , germany , four months ago .
only 15 people have cleared their plates , out of more than 500,000 attempts .
dropped from 19st and a size 20 to a muscular 12st and a size 12 .
 rachael was crowned miss birmingham in 2013 .
 dummy in glasgow shop has protruding ribs .
called ` why are you so afraid of your anatomy ? '
he created an app to tempt children to have fun with nature .
 hate miles campaign launched in response to people moaning about airline .
american maverick mcnealy had a famous caddie - his father , billionaire scott .'
 nicky butt will team up with reserve team coach warren joyce once again .
phil neville and paul scholes have not travelled to america .
he looks set to complete a season-long loan with view to potential # 7m move .
blackpool have 12 players on their books after signing nathan delfouneso .'
 leeds to bid # 500,000 for liam cooper , but chesterfield want closer to # 1m .
 france striker giroud is currently contracted until 2016 .
 # 60million signing will be unveiled at bernabeu on tuesday evening .
everton are targeting trophies after missing out on the champions league .
boban says ronaldo is ` amazing ' but looks at himself before team .
anderson and broad have been below par and one or both may be replaced .
chris woakes and chris jordan are in line to be called into the test side .
 rami made 20 appearances for milan after january loan .
barca midfielder calls van gaal ` someone very important to me '
 beyonc\xc3\xa9 leads annual list of 100 people who have inspired others .
his grandmother , estela de carlotto , has spent the last 36 years searching for him and the hundreds of other abducted children .
he argues people need to be treated not ` chucked ' behind bars .
heroin junkies to be given foil on the state to encourage users to not inject .
chanel sales associates say it is sold out worldwide .
 property magnate peter tied the knot with vivien mclean .
paramedics were called to the home and he was airlifted to a sydney hospital .
 lucy garland has been training in wrestling for just one year .
 21 % of britons also forget to floss regularly .
he did not need chemotherapy or radiotherapy treatment as the surgery was believed to have successfully removed all of the cancerous cells .
he has now walked more than 1,250 miles to raise money for charity .
shows two sets of lungs - one ` inhaling ' clean air and the other ` smoking ' .
after the ` smoking ' lungs have had 60 cigarettes , the lungs are compared .
usually caught after swimming in contaminated fresh water .
constant public exposure of wagdom can be draining .
 captain jeremy sudlow , 28 , punched and slapped two barmen in may .
foxes face competition from west ham , aston villa and valencia .'
 bale was born and raised in cardiff and will return home with real madrid .
 russell and shirley dermond , who had been married 62 years , were found savagely murdered at their georgia lakefront home .
said he made ` rookie mistakes ' but ` is moving forward with football ' .
inquest at heard mr seager had spoken before of killing his wife .
kauffman died three weeks later without getting to meet his son who was born in february .
 jamie mcmahon , 26 , was beaten to death in the violent attack last october .
fire started during riot at category c prison which broke out yesterday .
 alan lobban took partner glenys ashmead out for dinner after an argument .
she was on the floor and had gone into cardiac arrest when medics arrived .
woman said to have returned to bmw ` casually with several shopping bags ' .
the baby did not require medical treatment but was ` dripping in sweat ' .
man , known as stuart , shames drivers by posting them to facebook group .
started just selling solution , now has widest product range in the market .
schoolgirl was shot by stray bullet as she made her way home on saturday .
joshua beard , 20 , is accused of killing 19-month-old tylea .
several baruch college students are expected to face homicide charges .
 the fight was between shaker al-johari and lawyer/activist samih khrais .
 letizia dazzled in the sun as she hobnobbed with dignitaries in madrid .
spanoudakis signed for barcelona from eintracht frankfurt in 2009 .
 play poster featuring punk-style portrait of the prince pixelated by tfl .
scheme set to be trialled at victoria hospital in kirkcaldy , fife .'
 hate preacher hamza wanted to use london mosque as uk base .
they used boy as a ` frontman ' , knocking on doors of victims .
 lisa burrows , 41 , and tahir mahmood , 50 , carried out five-year scam .
terrifying incident was captured on dashcam of car , which was destroyed .
they can connect up to five people and have a range of 1,640 ft -lrb- 500m -rrb- .
it is self-healing , like the villainous t-1000 robot in the film .
quercus suber trees have seen a drastic decline in quality in 20 years .
tuesday and has a .
 researchers studied 13 mammals including elephants and humans .
according .
snapchats will be submitted using the stories feature of the app .
plaque was found on ancient teeth from the al khiday region of sudan .
 prince harry is due to arrive in tennessee city for friend 's wedding .
cressida bonas had been due to attend celebrations but dropped out .
shaun cummings equalizes with his first ever goal .
 the duchess was at fonteviot village fete when a young fan asked for a photo and she obliged with a funny face .
 paddy jones , 79 , and her younger dance partner perform on bgt tonight .
 nupela was born at taronga zoo in september last year , but has only just begun leaving her mother 's pouch .
 the mascot home is expected to be auctioned off for at least $ 1,089,000 .
guilty of rape and forcible digital penetration .
the scot won his first tournament in america at the 135th attempt .
kevin strootman expected to arrive at old trafford by january .
however , midfielder has been sidelined for 12 weeks with ankle injury .
he holds the premiership caps record at 264 appearances .
he says all that matters is his family and team-mates thinking well of him .  '
 british no 1 heather watson wins fourth wta tour title and first since 2012 .
 rahane was dismissed by anderson late in the day for 103 .
sri lanka remain bitter about spinner sachithra senanayake 's bowling action being reported .
they were also more likely to have drug problems , and commit crimes .
footage taken in kruger national park , south africa , shows baby struggling .
aims to encourage children to adopt healthy eating habits early on .'
homes .
expats and uk tourists have called for boycott of anastasia beach hotel .
residents blame sand build up at the mouth of a marina for trapping water .
the beards are then weighed before the model struts their stuff on catwalk .
 the baileys invented the motormouse and went on dragons ' den .
his owner , jayne richardson , 40 , followed trail of dye to industrial estate .
 andrew kemp stabbed girlfriend leighann wightman to death in 2011 .
she had reported his violence to police three years earlier in 2008 .
girl 's mother , 35 , from chepstow , south wales , asked police for help .
fernando was nicknamed ` the octopus ' by porto fans after his performance against cristiano ronaldo and wayne rooney at old trafford in 2009 .
gilmour lost to canada michelle li 21-14 21-6 at the emirates arena .
 ryan moore finished last in artemis goodwood cup .
 birmingham researchers found this reduces appetite later in the day .
calls and texts can then be answered using hand and wrist gesture .
hate cleric 's deportation could take 18 months .
he is being held on a $ 1m bond for the shooting on early sunday morning .'
he went to the restaurant 's door and started arguing with noska .
 morgan wilson , 17 , collapsed on tuesday at anaheim tennis center .
 the president came face-to-face with a man wearing a horse head mask .
 the resident cat of the burglarized home was walking .
neighbors describe seeing a suspicious man in the area .
` they killed some of my favorites , which they had no right to do , ' said van dusen .
language skills and other day-to-day tasks to new recruit from latin america .
letter .
 m.s.
their son aiden diagnosed with 2lb wilms ' tumour and had kidney removed .
lee was arrested on a weapons charge this month but released .
the callers say she will be arrested if she does n't pay .
they were likely not wearing seat belts , police said .'
new uniforms cost about $ 11 each .
lampard has signed a two-year deal with new york city .'
challenge from defender juan zuniga ended neymar 's world cup .
barcelona medical staff flew to his home in brazil to examine his progress .
debuchy and sagna were both in brazil with france squad .
the man was stablised and taken to hospital but died soon after arrival .
 the moon-shaped calendar was found in smederevska palanka , serbia .
he died and it 's over '
 fox40 anchor sabrina rodriguez has resigned from her job with the network .
curry was considered unfit to stand trial and sent to a psychiatric hospital .'
 family of three killed when gunman opens fire on car in northern france .
 pharmaceutical companies are unwilling to invest in vaccine research because it only affects a powerless minority , professor john ashton claims .
the stalker ` sends more than 100 tweets a day ' , some abusive .
 j. keith mularski graduated college and became a discount furniture salesman , joining with the fbi in 1998 .
mccann said he ended .
` person of interest ' justin odom , 20 , has turned himself in to police .
 samantha lewthwaite was a ` key actor ' in plan to attack western-linked buildings and the kenyan parliament .
john kerry says they will foot the bill of u.s - led invasion .
abdeltawwab shahrour is a prominent forensic medicine expert .
 more than 6million syrians in total have been forced out of their homes with 2million leaving the country altogether .
the app was created by crunchfish , a start-up based malmo , sweden .
 katharina katit-staheli stabbed son dylan at a hospital near alicante .
 nelson delgado , 25 , from portugal , was held and has appeared in court .
they laughed as she had wet herself and had bitten her tongue , she said .
 summer rogers-ratcliffe , aged 21 months , suffered fatal head injuries .
cleo was suffering from heart condition that caused weight loss .
 two window cleaners were working on the 48th floor of dc tower 1 , vienna .
it has taken three years for any swifts to be spotted in the 200 nesting boxes .
lady justice sharp ruled police should name suspects as they are arrested .
 wartime prime minister waved the ticket before boarding a plane to munich .
his owner joanne mitchell , 50 , from west yorkshire found body suit online .
fights in spain and portugal had been cancelled without warning .
but her grandson david riva , 53 , said intimacy for her was about power .
one was sweet and sensible , the other glamorous , sexy but horrible .  '
 sir simon rattle said capital 's venues ca n't compare to those around world .
seems unlikely the show is going to survive its initial 6-month run .
cyrus claims that she ` does n't have many friends '
range is packed with 30 lip colour shades .
asked sophie to stop modelling , drinking and wearing revealing clothes .
they were overjoyed when baby elsie was delivered full of life .
he had gastric bypass surgery in july 2011 and dropped to 13 stone .
ms brown has not been seen since 2005 when she vanished before holiday .
 kevan thakrar , 26 , is a serial compensation claimant , it has emerged .
the 25-year-old had dressed as michael jackson in thriller for a party .
 shock jock pulled over by police on monday for speeding .
reported that the kyle and jackie o show host was doing 20kms over the 60km limit .
the assailant then thrust bag over her head , stripped her and tied her up .
but the story met with mixed reactions , some saying she was irresponsible .
shawn takes on the classics , like ` ca n't touch this ' and ` tootsie roll ' .
 junior was playing at home in bakersfield , ca , when accident happened .
luckily , local firefighters used combination of ` cooking oil and ingenuity ' .
couple from pontardawe , south wales , had been married for two weeks .
avie howell and kaniel martin were jailed for life for the couple 's murder .
doran convicted of wounding with intent after attack in january this year .
 maths teacher david morgan one of 116 victims in plane crash over mali .
second ban was in 2012 after he was caught speeding .
expanded and became more complicated until mr teague moved in 1993 .
village in levenshulme , manchester , is now overgrown and decayed .
placid - and lucrative - trade has been blighted by illegal operators .
the 55-year-old help up a sign calling tony abbott to act on climate change .
the changes would see assistance to families with an income of $ 160,000 a year greatly reduced .
the 19-year-old has been hanging out with friends , ` shooting hoops ' .
the mother-of-two was constantly fatigued and had to use walking aids .
 belinda stuart surprised her husband campbell , by ordering a helicopter to fly them to the top of a mountain , moments after they were pronounced husband and wife .
street history : hoddle 's grid , the library 's new app , has 300 photographs of melbourne 's cbd dating back to 1840 .
he left empty handed after noticing another worker calling police .
later , the same man and an accomplice attempted to rob a teenager .
doctors told her she would be dead in eight years .
 a $ 13,000 bike lane just 30m in length has been built in melbourne .
 many units are deeply infiltrated by sunni informants or shiite personnel .
 the game also broke the record for the most tweets per minute when germany 's sami khedira 's scored .
patients .
mourinho thinks five or six teams could win the premier league .
hurley iii is primed to win the first tournament of his career .
 liverpool look to add atletico madrid 's javier manquillo to their ranks .
1 u.s. chicken chain .
injury cost de jong a place in louis van gaal 's world cup squad .
visitor saw her use a barrel to get over the wall .
prime minister visited frontline troops to mark british armed forces day .
villagers said they were ` sacrificed ' to save shops in tonbridge .
turner was talking with a friend on her .
those who describe themselves as scottish has dropped from 75 to 65 % .
she then jumps about 30ft into the water at langstone harbour , hampshire .
 internet connection top of list of things britons can not live without .
he bombarded 26-year-old with love letters and gifts including titanic replica .
balpa accused safety decisions of being made ` in secret ' .
faces fa hearing today over alleged racist abuse of anton ferdinand .
american-british agreement to leave weapons and vehicles at compound .
 swansea defender ben davies is a surprise target for tottenham .
amy is now seeking $ 3.4 million in restitution from paroline in the washington supreme court .
 premier league chief executive scudamore in the middle of sexism storm .
former liverpool right back was referred to as a cone in the lopez post .
mido has just finished his first season in management with zamalek .
they are planning an appeal which henning berg says will go ` all the way '
 little-known national party senator barry o'sullivan has a 50-plus strong property portfolio .
parliament 's 226 members own 563 properties between them .
 millions of mayflies , also known as canadian soldiers , descended on cleveland suburb of rocky river .
 gatwick passengers were left waiting up to four hours to collect their bags .
 swann auction house in new york will sell off vintage posters next month .
 a seven-month-old koala joey made her public debut at taronga zoo .
xxx . '
a leading nutritionist was shocked at ` healthy ' burgers and sausage claim .
levski sofia are one of the most popular sides in bulgaria .'
motorists will be liable if they have an accident , same as private car parks .
 holidaymakers watch wild dolphins put on a show in gwithian , near st ives in cornwall .
enlisted the help of local man , lavell putman , who acted as his guide .
 hayley turner , 18 , was found shirtless and 40 miles from home by a homeowner .
 frank ` perk ' hixon , jr , 55 , pleaded guilty to insider trading and will be sentenced friday .
his family 's insurance company covered part of the procedure but will not cover his dentures because they say it 's not a medical issue .
 carla bruni accused rachida dati of trying to get into president 's bed .
but landfill workers realized it was real and contacted authorities .
ms baturina is russia 's richest woman and lives in holland park , london .
he protested that he had not finished making his point , but speaker cut in .
 kelly soo park , 47 , was found not guilty of first and second-degree murder .
 joe cornell has been getting clean from a meth addcition .
 unidentified florida woman was set upon in her driveway in lake mary .
in miami , florida on monday .
moments after officers pin him to the ground , mr garner , from staten island , appears to be unconscious .
they royal family are sailing around greenland for seven days as part of a summer holiday tour .'
he said australia 's health care system was well equipped to contain the virus and stop it spreading in australia .
 golfers are using led golf balls from a sydney company to play at night .
 michelle magniolo dropped from 172kg to just 75kg in just under two years .
 rome torti , 31 , was diagnosed with a malignant brain tumour in 2009 .
he has already exhausted a number of treatments including chemotherapy .
he stays on top of the taxi for about 20 seconds before climbing down .
it comes as the fair work ombudsman launches an investigation into employer exploitation .
but allegations have emerged local operators are using it to attract free labour .'
this does n't include the return trip where ministers and wives fly in luxury .
while in the uk and china , it is 1.455 cents per minute and 0.681 cents .'
this staff member was investigated for a breach in student confidentiality .
there was also a high concentration of people tweeting at airports and traffic lights .'
australia has overtaken england in the race to the top with 20 golds .
mr rose was let go by police after they discovered the weapons were fake .
the man was trying to raise money for a children 's hospice in manly .
so for the seven-minute parody has attracted more than 20,000 views .
 john mccain said the russian president should be treated as a ` pariah ' .
he believed mr putin was ` totally responsible ' for the mh17 tragedy .
 47-year-old 's work in and out of love featured thousands of live butterflies .
his wife of five years nicole appleton ` is furious ' , claims friend .
boehner and his republican colleagues say the president does n't have the authority to change laws passed by congress , and in doing so , he is violating the constitution .
passenger mike mompi said jet engine had ` exploded ' as it revved up .
plea for protection by muslims ignored and chief minister blamed by many .
70 years ago they were dispatched to uzbekistan under stalin 's orders .
but the dictator wants her to pressurize the government to lift sanctions .
mr lis and his wife have now said they are facing financial ruin following raid .'
the jury were about to commence deliberations and decide on a verdict .
the u.s. consulate was informed but they have not yet released the identity of the tourist .
however , two brazilian newspapers and friends online have identified the victim as 25-year-old max mendoza .
 powerful tornado swept through sullivan county in tennessee on sunday .
says that she wants him to stay little because he is so cute .
 toddler wandered ten blocks from his house in early hours of the morning .
threw the items from an old railway bridge between junction three and four .
former president , 62 , claimed that the court had no authority to try him .
 avril tye was at specsavers for an appointment for daughter bethan .
 helen fielding admitted her life was quite similar to that of bridget jones .
then they needed more senior women , then scottish women , she said .
 archer and ex-mistress sally farmiloe bumped into each other at awards .
it has been 14 years since the catastrophic end to their affair in 1999 .
rfk jr. now plans to move to california to be with cheryl in the fall .'
 prince harry seen at miami hotspots on wednesday night - just hours after split from cressida bonas confirmed .
it was detected by an australian p-3 orion surveillance aircraft .
escaped with just a bruised shoulder .
invertebrates tracks made by bugs reveal details about the ecosystem .
 the scientists at the u.s. centers for disease control and prevention are being monitored or given antibiotics as a precaution .
 pop star shakira tweeted the hilarious cover to her 26 million followers .
the video , filmed in oxford university grounds , has nearly 700,000 hits .
pg metals initially turned undercover offices away .
she used # 90 worth of bands and sold it on for # 155 on ebay .
reports say journalist had winked at footballers ex-girlfriend veronica ojeda .
he also made youtube video rants under the alias of abu assadullah .
pregnant horse developed septicaemia and vets were unable to save foal .
scottish prison service said weddings are beneficial to prisoners rehab .
 freddie foreman , 83 , claimed reggie kray 's marriage was a sham .
home was ransacked and photographs of chris smashed in the process .
she spent the night underground after being assessed by fire crews .
she admitted falsifying accounts and perverting the course of justice .
 jody a. degen , 30 , committed the lewd act in front of a crowd of campers .
soon the 23-year-old was hanging over their balcony and slipped .
the red-capped african mangabey only recently arrived at the zoo .
 caroline bielby complained 30 times that she was in pain after surgery .
 actress features in the january edition of asos magazine .
reveals that she was lonely when she first moved to new york .
14 members of warwick university rowing society all aged between 18 and .
 david trail , 51 , was a chinook instructor at raf odiham when prince william was trained there five years ago .
ella hysom had last been seen on monday in ilford , east london .
 faye campbell , 21 , will only eat pizza , chips and cheeseburgers .
 susan papas was sent to selsdon primary school in south london to improve standards .
was joined by his ex-girlfriend veronica ojeda , who he has a young son with .
 henry miller , 19 , died after taking hallucinogen yag\xc3\xa9 for second time .
filmed moments before ritual in remote colombian rainforest .
 f1 star accused of hitting biker after failing to give way on roundabout .
 gold dealer andrew bush , 48 , shot dead at spanish villa last weekend .
medics were forced to amputate 28-year-old 's right limb to save her life .
sir sean was asked about his connection to corrupt officials .
he alleged couple faked the abduction to cover up her death in portugal .
 fransisco perez trigueros branded a ` fool ' for putting picture on facebook .
but vandals attacked the gchq-inspired piece by scribbling a name on it .
hours later , a millionaire paid the homeowner to stop mural being removed .'
he has since enjoyed lavish holidays to caribbean and ibiza , court heard .
but ms prest alleges he is in contempt of court for not paying a penny .
 lana del rey sang kim 's favourite song young and beautiful .
jodie kidd , jacquetta wheeler and jasmine guinness showcase autumn collection with help of their mothers .
critics said jilli blackwood designed bright blue outfits with tartan were 'em barrassing ' .
she had a happy childhood until she lost her adoptive mother to cancer .
when the octopus appeared it began to latch its suckers to the camera .
 ricardo horta scored the only goal in portugal under 20 's 1-0 win againsy england under 20 's in the toulon tournament third place play-off .
youngster is playing for england under 20s in toulon tournament .
van gaal demands a lot from his players as he does from himself .
 muriel says he does not want to leave udinese this summer .
brazil coach admits he may use three defensive midfielders against the germans .
germany face france in quarter-final in the maracana on friday .'
 ashley cole is a free agent after leaving chelsea .
 roy hodgson 's place as england boss has come under scrutiny .
active service in vietnam , killing 134 .
kevin keegan and billy bremner were banned for 11 games after brawl .
the brazil 20-year-old is likely to be tested in the bundesliga this season .
started out on bbc radio derby before moving to broadcasting house in london .
 van gaal gave a talk before leading holland at world cup .  '
he was also spotted on a night out with a glamorous model nadia forde in dublin .
us golfer will again play the scottish open , which he also won last year .
doctors expected him to be out for six months but he was back in four .
 jack cork has one year to run on existing southampton deal .
hughton also called on the football association to improve opportunities for black and ethnic minority managers .'
found brother louis hanged at his home in staffordshire .
 croatia midfielder unveiled at the nou camp on tuesday .
 england host sri lanka in a two-test series .
 joey barton tweets pictures mocking danny simpson .
the defender is not first choice under carlo ancelotti .
the london club will pay # 4.78 million for the striker .
found to have taken suspect 's iphone in 2010 and sold it on .
 67-year-old clapton bought gerhard richter painting for # 2million in 2001 .
the separatists are accused of shooting down doomed flight mh17 .
 anmer hall , on the queen 's sandringham estate in norfolk , has been renovated for duke and duchess of cambridge .
the rapper is ` pulling out all the stops ' .
coroner describes accidental death as ` many parents ' biggest nightmare '
fossil skull found in south africa in 1924 .
 french midfielder played under harry redknapp at portsmouth .
redknapp paid # 5.5 million for him , and sold him to real madrid for # 18.8 m .
parish council say inscription ` contrary to guidelines ' and order removal .
were going to cut it up for bait when they noticed it had a second stinger .
he released a statement on sunday , the day after ward jr was killed .
the incident is being investigated by ontario county sheriff 's department .
barcelona training at st george 's park since last friday .
midfielder ` sends his apologies ' to fans for cancelling the meeting .
claimed he started sleeping with mother-of-two ms cunningham in 2010 .
, syed hossain said .
it emerged today that criminals are trying to abuse system to hide their past .
husband mark johnston , 37 , died while the couple were having sex .
she was diagnosed with glandular fever but her condition worsened .
authorities believe they are linked to the missing flight mh370 .
he became infamous in 2002 for his involvement in ` cheriegate ' scandal .
blair later gave a tearful apology , blaming the pressures of motherhood .
queen letizia posed for a selfie with young fans .
professional photo editors have worked with madonna .
will fill in some slots for holly willoughby on this morning .'
 beautician reveals celebrities love sanctuary spa youth-boosting range .
 andrew rodgers , 23 , allegedly robbed a bank in columbus , ohio , on july 23 .
 jennifer huston , 28 , went to run errands on july 24 but did not return home .
 cam thomas , 27 , is a nose tackle for the pittsburgh steelers .
thomas ' lawyers say the woman is lying and is after money .
 a five-year-old beats the toy with a stick then pummels it with his fists .
but he was then stabbed with broken beer bottles - leaving the 25-year-old fighting for his life with his guts hanging out .
mr melville-smith has been letting it out to tourists charmed by the shed .
he says it 's already a hit at mister eaters eating emporium in lancashire .
the ` shots ' contain one measure of booze and come in a range of flavours .
amin was one of three britons to appear in chilling isis video last month .
items that do not work - or are not charged - no longer allowed to travel .
but her husband wore a navy tracksuit top and black shorts for the event .
they would turn them off at midday when children were expected to sleep .
he is now teaching the boy , five , how to handle some of the 2,500 alligators .
 sam wilson , also known as the falcon , will be taking over the reins after steve rogers lost his special powers and youth last month .
 park he , 35 , was on way back to police station when accident occurred .
 alan bailey , 48 , was ` millimetres from dying ' when angle-grinder slicked neck .
he was wearing full protective gear when machine slashed his throat in 2011 .
crossing made famous after featuring on cover the beatles ' 1969 album .
claims over the olive school in blackburn made by channel 4 dispatches .
coroner recorded narrative verdict and said ` communications issues ' contributed to his death .
paul was jailed for 42 months while peter was jailed for 10 months .
 nick hancock , 39 , has done 27 days of his 60-day target in the ` rockpod ' .
went drinking with a friend and had four cocktails and half a bottle of vodka .
a high-flying mp in the 1980s is linked to shirley oaks in surrey .
mr knee is in hospital after attack outside kenilworth school and sixth form .
 john wunderle arrested after the girl was allegedly seen hiding in his car .
 helen corbett , 45 , flung scalding liquid at peter bailey , 46 , during row .
foreign office urges british civilians to leave strife-hit country .
it came after his wife , lillie , went into labor when they 'd been told to go home from hospital .
` our findings are shocking ... we must address early violent death the same as any other health disparity , ' lead author linda teplin said .
the family was traveling to disneyland for the day to celebrate cynthia 's 5th birthday , which she would have celebrated monday .
waves .
comes amid claims she had affair with lieutenant commander richard gray .
found two men trying to break into the basement of his home .
underwent an operation where a surgeon successfully reattached it .
reportedly been sold to buyer who plans to retire to the property .'
detectives say he then celebrated by blowing money on prostitutes .
services at waterloo also affected after signal problems in surbiton .
 images show bridge where captain schettino tried to sail-past giglio .
both admitted violence and public order offences at bolton crown court .
government forces have recaptured rebel-held city of slavyansk .
friday .
sass says he promised to look after her for the rest of her life if she moved from london to la to be with him .
complained only three litres of fat had been removed during the surgery .
returned amid rumours that commander sarah west , 41 , had an affair with lieutenant commander richard gray , 35 .
 two gliders crashed at 4,500 ft during a competition in cambridgeshire .
they were ` punted ' after approaching the sprinter to ask for a photo .
world 's fastest man was training ahead of tomorrow 's 4x100m relay .
gymnast from liverpool flew through the air for more than 25ft .
 rodents are infesting paris 's tuileries garden because of picnickers .
hurdler has said he is shocked and ` absolutely devastated ' by the news .
 home belonging to michael macneill , 48 , exploded and caught fire tuesday night .
 south florida homeless man john boggs was saved from an attack last june by an undercover cop .
cops found him with six envelopes of cocaine and more than a dozen prescription pills .
chile hoping midfielder arturo vidal recovers from knee injury .
#heatlifer , ' .
he allegedly peed on the floor in front of a housekeeper the day after his oprah interview .
 elaine hewitt , 40 , has received around 40 pairs of shoes from an urban fox .
her husband , 76 , said he was shocked about her arrest but still loves her .
her husband , 76 , said he was shocked about her arrest but still loves her .
his father was the late bill bowerman , who founded nike .
he was rushed to hospital where he is recovering from hypothermia and muscle damage .'
sylvia pastor and cambridge graduate wojciech janowski are in custody .
her affair with president hollande was exposed by the mag in january .'
 michelle obama and her daughters stayed in the ` princess grace ' presidential suite at one of dublin 's fanciest hotels .
air force one alone costs more than $ 228,000 to operate .
 duke of cambridge spoke at australia house event for british explorer .
 matt lockley , 28 , ` tried to enter cockpit en route from brisbane to bali ' .
arrested by indonesian military in his flip-flops after emergency landing .
it was detected by an australian p-3 orion surveillance aircraft .
 kim jong-un appears said to be remodelling his look with tinted sunglasses .
 authorities are investigating whether a bomb was concealed in a crate of mangosteen fruit .
washed up 14 months later on remote island wearing tattered shorts .
named as andrew priestley , from leicestershire , who was on holiday .
 andrea waldeck , 43 , had previously served with gloucestershire police .
she blamed decision to smuggle drugs on her ` state of mind ' .
nurse jacintha saldanha killed herself days after putting the call through .'
 peter sharp , 69 , faces .
range , launched at the end of the month , available for four to 11-year-olds .
 researchers said 30 % of nation will not be supporting england team at all .
 prices in one borough , hackney , rose 21.5 % to # 528,737 in just a year .
they blame ` ambiguity ' in the president 's illegal immigration policies .
found some women began dieting from as young as three .
aged just 19 years old , doctors said she had six months to live .
 study found revellers ' appetite for alcohol was boosted when they mixed energy drinks with vodka , compared with soft drinks .
nathaniel and joshua were born on february 12 at southend hospital .
regular dennis mitchell , 45 , is facing up to 20 years in jail after the july 10 incident .
he filed federal lawsuits against the store and the nypd last november .
she sold the baby boy to a childless couple as she could n't afford him .
ion beam technologies to change hair colour .
 fredericksburg sarah harkins , 32 , and her unborn child died monday after a nest of bees was disturbed and stung her .
 toree and bret chandler of chester , illinois were killed when their jeep flipped in nearby missouri .
ferguson 's salary and benefits come out to $ 194,000 annually .
mrs monjack admits : ` will we ever get any answers about brittany and simon ?
he was arrested and charged with drugs possession in august 2012 .
they found that in the summer the animals were more likely to hug the trees .
researchers found that trunks were on average 9c below air temperature .
ottawa chinese embassy : ` there is no need to overinterpret this case '
mother samira calehr said ' i should have listened to him '
 darren and lynzie riggs-long and children feared they 'd be stuck all night .
he is accused of sexually assaulting a girl while working for the royal family .
but he then leaves emptied handed running out with nothing than his bag .
 kyle ravenscroft , 18 , broke into home of his victim - who can not be named .
a well-timed screen grab of the bbc report is now doing the rounds .
mr blair , 45 , was sent picture by a friend of his son and put it on facebook .
turkish wedding ceremonies traditionally take place over several days .
homes in the new forest and the cotswolds also on sale .'
lucy 's parents hoped to resolve the displute with a meeting at school in hull .
nicola brough pushed the girls into a bush to break up the scuffle .
her sister was also raped , and fell pregnant at the age of 14 .
 jane teesdale and her family rescued by neighbours after house caught fire .
oxfordshire prison is known for its work with older inmates .
it was the scene of protests which ousted viktor yanukovych in february .
but instead of the woman , lantigua was met by his colleagues and arrested .
` shameful ' lantigua could face up to seven years in jail if he is convicted .
photographer stan blumberg : ' i have surfed and scuba dived and i have never seen dolphins surf like this before '
now he has made headlines with servings of brains and decapitated heads .
 images of star in relaxed mode were taken during film shoots in the 1950s .
jeremy frazier newsome smith , 45 , denies a single charge of rape .'
sanchez expected to play in the emirates cup .
adebayor has recovered from malaria after being diagnosed in july .
atletico won la liga last season despite real madrid and barcelona spending heavily .
 atsu is on the verge of joining everton on loan .
 west brom are planning moves for haris seferovic and jonathan biabiany .
club are also linked with a move for nathan redmond .
 ibrahimovic pays glowing tribute to mellberg after he retired from football .
mellberg announced his retirement from football on thursday .
portuguese star sat out real madrid 's 1-0 defeat to roma .
kaka says he is ` thrilled ' to be back at club where he ` grew up ' .
olympiacos can extend afellay 's deal by a further two years .
 ivory coast forward announces international retirement .
 alessandro del piero says he has no plans to retire .
petr cech and courtois will compete for a place in mourinho 's side .
eden hazard , didier drogba and john obi mikel also train .
anderson also now leading wicket taker at lord 's , topping sir ian botham .
 corry evans has set his sights on promotion with blackburn this season .
ole gunnar solskjaer 's welsh side are favourites to win promotion .
made competitive international bow in goalless draw against costa rica .
 england have no fresh injury concerns ahead of friendly .
pochettino has signed a five-year deal to become spurs head coach .
 jack wilshere played his first game against norwich after breaking his foot .
he has been sued in the deaths of three patients in the us and 11 in australia where he practiced before .
 cameron harrington , 11 , films baby deer outside his front door .
the reason for this is unknown , but it creates a disk around the pulsar .
this becomes superheated and obscures the pulsar from view .
philip seymour hoffman was found dead in his new york apartment surrounded by 70 bags of heroin .
mr seymour hoffman 's estranged partner mimi o'donnell was seen attending his wake last night .
asked about bringing back socialism he replied : ` that 's what we 're doing ' .
 grizzly bear at budapest zoo ` saved ' drowning crow in its enclosure .
 teachers who knew farage as a pupil said he was ' a facist ' and ' a racist ' .
 former news of the world editor andy coulson will face trial .
and the couple 's 17-month-old daughter macie-louise was flower girl .
collision occurred when minibus took a right turn at a level crossing .
former arsenal keeper lukasz fabianski says the swans will have no fear .
the 27-year-old won commonwealth games silver in glasgow .
 nfto 's adam blythe wins the ridelondon-surrey classic .
sky 's ben swift came second , julian alaphilippe third .
set to tee off alongside jason day -lrb- -8 -rrb- , whilst jim furyk -lrb- -8 -rrb- and ryan palmer -lrb- -7 -rrb- will begin at 14.50 local time .
 abu bakr , 19 , has had his passport revoked on security grounds .
 clarke told rabbi yisroel fine that he would not interfere with player .
tory backbenchers ridiculed clegg 's claims in his speech .
it was found by metal detectors and shucard was not carrying a license .
 new study proves hair colour has no impact on intelligence or personality .
despite having four au pairs , she claimed none of them were contactable .
now she is urging pet owners to get their dogs gps-chipped .
a ceremony will be held to mark the anniversary of the start of the war .'
her husband javier bardem has also signed the letter .
he tore down fencing and railing and set a porta-cabin alight .
luke davison was forced to drop out during the race .
one officer shot dead and a second is believed to have been taken hostage .
she was being used as ` collateral ' by a villager for a loan to another villager .
avitto sunday and injured his cousin , mikayla .
scientists named the mite after j.lo because they were listening to her music while watching the world cup and writing the scientific journal .
anderson was allegedly driving a .
morning that later crashed into three women .
total of 11 arrests took place during the show .
 charles okonkwo jr. , 18 , has admitted to ` hurting ' his mother chinwe and his little brother bradley on saturday .
 top nigerian military official says they can not attempt a rescue operation .
 risk assessment on the internet was devised by the charity diabetes uk .
campaigners : more should take it to be diagnosed as quickly as possible .'
 pregnant women with a high bmi are more likely to have a stillbirth .
jailed for four years at jersey 's royal courts which sits for island 's most serious cases .
the embryonic stem cells could be banked .
route was recorded with a tracking device on the bird 's back .
beat dan ` selina ' lin to death by striking her 33 times with a hammer .
lin was zhuang 's daughter-in-law and the two were feuding for some time .
the couple married on a beach in newquay , cornwall .
` it is a case of eu law not working the way that it should ' said one mp .
 installing hairdryers in changing rooms would encourage girls to exercise .
ama victorian president says receipts are an ` inappropriate ' place to advertise alcohol .
travel and leisure compiled a list of the world 's top-20 .
located in adelaide cbd , the wing took 18 years to build .
 pm scrapped proposed changes to the racial discrimination act .
 australian athlete won gold at the commonwealth games in glasgow .
the extra weight may be down to the existence of elusive dark matter .
 the kholod hypersonic rocket will auctioned in battersea on september 8 .
there is current no price estimate or reserve on the sale by rm auctions .
island .
kerry was the subject of mockery throughout israel over the weekend for his failed attempt , with one journalist comparing him to a space alien .
hardly any of the money would go toward deporting unaccompanied minors .
the president invited the republican governor to meet him at the tarmac when he arrives for a handshake , but perry declined .  '
 erin mcneill was trapped in a house fire when she was 19 .
 a new skyscraper in china will have the fastest ultra-high-speed elevator .
 xiao chien , 45 , was walking along the road in guangyuan city , china .
they say ` cord burning ' is less rushed and is a way of bonding a family .
 scientists from the university of new south wales in australia created the programme that can write its own moralistic tales .
 victoria , 40 , features on cover of vogue 's august issue .
her hairstylist said the style was ` spontaneous ' and only took a minute .
 bodies of man , 58 , and woman , 50 , found after attack at 5.15 am today .
jailed in 2001 , will serve 30 years at maximum-security full sutton in york .
 couple who founded ultimo in 1996 split passwords and number plates .
it 's attended by sofia viola , 8 , who is taught by the school 's only teacher .
 toffees draw with porto in leon osman 's testimonial .
 arsenal wanted to hold six concerts at the emirates .
 man united 's javier hernandez has been linked with a move to atletico .
the broadcaster has also signed up the german domestic cup .
the manager recently clashed with board over future of ravel morrison .
rolando aarons is similar to liverpool 's raheem sterling .
he signed for bayern from dortmund for # 30million last summer .
manchester city goalkeeper hart performs ` elbow drops ' into the pool .
 wenger admits there is a ` possibility ' vermaelen will leave arsenal .
 diaby admits he considered retiring over persistent injury problems .
captain norman skinner , 38 , died on d-day and wrote to his wife .
but panicked at the state of her ` hoarder ' house and left her in bed .
 reforms have been proposed to increase new zealand tourist numbers .
public sector workers are being paid more than those in the private sector .
 the h.l.
neighbour julie mitchell , 35 , heard her screaming for her little boy .
 michaela hutchings , 23 , had # 52,000 transferred into account by accident .
ex-essex man was convicted for ` cajoling ' mervyn westfield .
 spurs close to securing a deal for seattle right-back deandre yedlin .
toni kroos is hailed as ` white kaiser ' for his performance against sevilla .
eyewitness : ` even the five-year-olds spotted they 'd spelt it wrong '
they beat an indonesia xi 8-1 in their first friendly on wednesday .
 the entertainer has been given job as prison gardener , it has been claimed .
prisoners reportedly angered that he may have ` jumped the queue ' to land the job .
 thomas beatie , 40 , began to change sex before his marriage to nancy beatie in hawaii in 2003 .
both players are out of contract this summer .
but material hosted in the middle east and us is difficult to remove .
 todd carney confused by corby photo scandal : ' i do n't see the big issue ' .
 jonathan stack , 34 , was allegedly beaten by daniel lastarza , 48 , in connection to a junk car he bought earlier .
victim ends up on the floor while attackers rain down punches on her .
sales fell 9 % , operating profit sank 25 % and samsung shares dived 4 % .
but as the food begins to decay , so does the gelatine and it becomes a liquid .
the seven-year-old pomeranian has more than 250 designer outfits .
captain lee joon-seok , 68 , clambered into lifeboat in his underpants .
they kidnapped husband and wife and they were held for hours .
 glittering party at foreign office courtyard thrown by ministers to promote britain 's entertainment industry .
this allows them to sue collectors for trespass if they repeatedly visit .
detectives have arrested a man on suspicion of drugs offences .
 chung , 3 , and hu , 5 , fell in water-filled quarry when throwing stones .
father jimmy hunt , 65 , claims he and his wife doreen , 63 , can not go out .
senior staff member ` confused him with other convict with same surname ' .
north yorkshire police have arrested two men aged 51 and 38 .
his 18-year-old friend , who has not been named , was behind the wheel .'
 sam watched as his neat wooden home was torn down on the edge of lakewood township , new jersey .
 bradley mousley , 18 , is due to appear before a melbourne tribunal hearing .
 jayde poole , 29 , from bendigo has been cleared of manslaughter .
 aids activists fighting for a robin hood tax disrupt bill clinton address .
ms street 's mother is suing mr street over a disputed money loan .
ms givanni wrote a facebook post about her experience and was slammed .
defence has confirmed he was an australian soldier doing survival training .
ms street is trying to break onto commercial radio in australia .
 danika heron , 19 , from nowra , suffered a potentially fatal allergic reaction .
 daniel morcombe 's parents launched their book ` where is daniel ?
 baden-clay children visited father every month while he was in prison .
allison baden-clay 's sister , vanessa , is also looking after the three girls .
the convicted wife killer will spend tonight among sex offenders in the maximum security wolston correctional facility .
ms birch was a drug-addicted prostitute trying to clean up her life .'
the 41-year-old sent texts to their mobiles saying what he 'd like to do to them in their swimming pools .
 the queen made an appearance at the turriff show in aberdeenshire .
prince george celebrates his first birthday on the 22nd july .
56ft archimedes screw has been installed at northumberland property .
before yvonne and gary harris bought it for # 2,000 .
gibson complained he dropped baby , which social services took into care .
but after three years , her skin turned yellow - she had liver failure .
 charlotte jowett 's daughter olivia is in manchester children 's hospital .
57 % of public sector workers are in schools and the nhs .'
weight they can take has nearly doubled to 47st and space inside bigger .
 caroline howarth , 24 , had suffered from medical problems all her life .
 paula rowlett , 32 , was on dialysis and desperately needed a donor .
when her cousin lynley everest , 40 , found out , she offered to help .
these included nausea , back pain and food cravings .
 nigel tinsley had a tumour on the pituitary gland in his brain .
editor says vogue is ` magazine that 's all about fantasy to some extent '
 theresa may 's shoes made a pointed statement as she strolled to no.
group pictured with champagne after winning # 3.6 million jackpot in 1997 .
 more action might be needed , says pas-de-calais prefect denis robin .
 paul croituru and 13-year-old son alexandru dig up 300 ancient greek coins .
months .
he takes his laptop everywhere he goes - to visit family or on holiday .
one of the suspect 's mothers prevented people from intervening .
lee was arrested on a weapons charge this month but released .
 two .
on monday they both posted intimate photos on instagram of them kissing and hugging .
police are now .
priced between # 15 - # 65 .
 prince harry pre-recorded an interview with bbc radio 2 today .
 cara is september issue cover girl - after lashing out at fashion industry .
says duchess of cambridge owns a pair of his boots .
 police have named four-year-old who died in house fire as nathan harrison .
the wooden instrument was turned into a diary of life in the trenches .
she was admitted to a&e in september , but no scan was carried out .
the 20-year-old claimed an unexpected medal at hampden park .
reports claim falcao is poised to join real on an initial # 10m year-long loan .
falcao will make his return from a six-month injury lay-off at emirates cup .
he could face arsenal at the emirates stadium after playing valencia .
jon snow , jaime lannister and the hound among characters used .
ancelotti says 23-year-old is a player ` for the future , not just the present ' .
ancelotti says ` at all big clubs there 's competition ' so di maria could stay .
former champion tony jacklin fears it could be a ` disastrous tactic ' .
 mcilroy and clarke headed out at 6am for practice round at hoylake .
mathieu debuchy set to sign for # 10m from newcastle .
the linesman then instructed referee mark geiger to rule out the goal .'
the trip was to commemorate the 100th anniversary of an antarctic journey led by australian explorer douglas mawson .
rakitic has admitted he has a lot of admiration for the argentina captain .'
liverpool forward scored just once in 15 appearances last season .'
both men now have 15 times at world cup finals .
clubs receive total of just over half of the stadium 's 90,000 available seats .
has made 57 appearances in all competitions for the club so far .'
 mauricio pochettino is in advanced talks with tottenham .
they were accused of abandoning a thai-born child when they found out he had down syndrome .
the teaching assistant says she will not be shopping at tesco again soon .'
 wayne rooney is pleased to be back home with his wife coleen and family .
player was presented with a personalised cake by manchester united .
australian same-sex couple are allegedly in singapore with their babies .
they were accused of abandoning a thai-born child when they found out he had down syndrome .
the visual diary shows disturbing images of suicide and depression .
he was at a beach in malia , crete when a suspicious parent challenged him .
 scotland to stage test against southern hemisphere side at kilmarnock .
kilmarnock installed new artificial surface this summer\xc3\x82 .'
sergio aguero faces fitness test for manchester city .
 dreamliner jet forced to make emergency landing in the middle of the atlantic .
he believes you can not disturb a ` guy like ' louis van gaal , however .
agger made just 23 appearances last season for rodgers ' side .
 southampton have # 12m bid for accepted for shane long .
black cats boss says players felt ` unbeatable ' after escape last season .
scouts and managers to use system just like the popular computer game .'
 farah missed commonwealth games after collapsing after training .
 secret staircase to room rediscovered at norton conyers , north yorkshire .
 man , only known as steve , thought he was texting a woman called jess .
tells user what rhythm to stick to and when they 've hit ` peak performance ' .
meecham ` driven by possessiveness ' after hearing she had a new partner .
reigning world champions lost opening games to holland and chile .
his parents face charges over the 2012 death in melbourne .
 eight 1920s bungalows sold for what is believed to higher than $ 30 million .
she skidded off the road , rolled the car and then slammed into a tree .
police are hunting john matthews , 34 , in connection with the attacks .'
mendez ovalle , dismembered her body and threw it out with the trash .
 female bear was spotted having a mighty go at a male companion .
 hundreds of volunteers wading through mountains of rubbish from early morning to protect farm from damage .
 angel pitts , 16 months , died in ` tragic accident ' earlier this month .
bodies of william and patricia wycherley were not found until last year .
he did not want to ruin his shoes , so made subordinate carry him .
 the abbotswood estate in the cotswolds , gloucestershire , has been put on the market for # 30million .
researchers had previously claimed to have taken dna from an extinct bee .
critics said the investments .
 74-year-old was using the motorway as a ` shortcut ' according to police .
he was stranded for six days until a helicopter spotted him .
he relied on bugs and melting ice to survive .'
harrington told police she shot him with a taser earlier in the day .
 the knights won 32-30 against melbourne at newcastle 's hunter stadium .
witnesses said they heard yelling coming from the 14th-floor apartment .
 a decade ago anita ciancio 's three-month-old daughter was abducted .
 four-year-old fifi hart from the isle of wight will play sybbie branson .
 queen letizia joined king felipe and their daughters at new museum .
 the duchess wore her favourite # 79.99 double-breasted zara blazer .
said his family 's ` thoughts and prayers ' were with the victims of the crash .
undergoing a treatment to stretch vagina but can never have children .
joins newly promoted nicky morgan and liz truss in the cabinet .'
both are passionate about organic farming and supporting fishermen .
the hikers had been making their way to abandoned bus from into the wild .
roberta mcfall captured the images during once in a lifetime trip last month .
 f1 boss is holidaying in croatia with his wife fabiana flosi .
 merita isufi , 34 , has been in intensive care since the crash last month .
 italian duo ` angry about an upcoming feature on their tax fraud conviction ' .
hero neighbour seen on cctv confronting burglars with a piece of wood .
he appeared on millionaire matchmaker show saying he was worth $ 400m .'
darren fletcher opened the scoring in the second - half .
 arsene wenger 's side will be seeded for draw which takes place on friday .
 lakers superstar showed no mercy on court with fans .
 chris bosh decides to stay with miami heat .
lebron james confirmed he will rejoin the cleveland cavaliers .
san antonio shot 75.8 per cent from the field in first half for 71-50 lead .
 hull city unveil new club crest for 2014-15 season without the team name .
 farah pulled out of commonwealth games but will run on september 7 .
 seattle sounders full back yedlin has attracted interest from spurs .
 louis van gaal looks forward to another testing pre season game .
 chelsea 's belgian ` keeper talks up his rival as one of the world 's best .
wales were pool c runners up which brings them up against aussies .
petr cech is back working with the first team in daytime session .
edinson cavani will look to get the better of junior diaz .
 rhys puglsey has received a two-year ban for testing positive for steroids .
wigan warriors confirmed the forward had used anabolic steroids once .
 abdel fattah al-sisi said the sentence has had a ` negative effect ' on egypt .
it comes just months after another female rider was killed in a fall .'
 siblings jon merret , 39 and alison baker , 46 shared their big day .
he 'd messaged his girlfriend jessica palmer saying ' i love you ' .
 malcolm green , 82 , went to withybush general hospital for cancer surgery .
her attorney set up a network of people to help her with her schooling .
 horrifying incident happened in a village in bokaro district , eastern india .
they decided his daughter should be raped as punishment , police said .
but were told at amsterdam 's schiphol airport that the flight was too full .
 german computer scientists transmitted passwords between two machines using soundwaves that are inaudible to humans .
al-shabab .
 jasmine allsop , 14 , and olivia lewry , 16 , died early on sunday morning .
he warns hard-pressed families to be ` sensible ' with festive spending .
on his release , tony married rebecca who devoted herself to his care .
he was sentenced to 16 months for causing the deaths of siblings in crash .
 britain ` will enjoy above average temperatures of 17c tomorrow ' .
curious pups cosy up to scuba divers as they play on the sea bed .
 paul mcguinness is to hand the running of the band to madonna 's manager .
 emirates will stop flying over iraq and re-route planes to other flight paths .
the daredevil duo are not the first to leap from the top of the tower .
bright green bus has driven 600,000 miles and sold on ebay for just # 4,500 .
required height for a scots mountain , or munro , is 3,000 ft .
police described the haul as ` exceptional ' - a man , 51 , has been arrested .
defender gerard pique posted a sulky instagram pic from his room .
 winnie madikizela-mandela demanding nelson mandela 's ancestral home .
image was taken from the international space station orbiting the earth on january 30 .
david cameron , william hague and the duke of edinburgh were also there .'
 ana\xc3\xafs bordier spotted samantha futerman , both 26 , on a youtube video .
one , the diva , can eat 30 fried eggs and a box of crab legs in one sitting .
using messaging service line messaging , you can communicate with them .
architect john taylor , who was fined # 60 , claims the signs are ` woeful ' .
all of the fired shells ended up missing and falling into the yellow sea .
 botox has been proven to help control persistent genital arousal disorder .
at a concert .
the terror suspect has been on the run from the authorities for a week .
became obsessed with looks and was diagnosed with body dysmorphia .
so far 609 palestinians and 29 israelis have died in fighting .
 astonishing photos show red fox targeting vole in wyoming , united states .
survived by wife pam , 91 , sons simon and stephen , and two grandsons .
 pc will medley sang stealers wheel 's stuck in the middle with you .
luxury properties are available within walking distance of parliament .
will blencowe , 21 , was arrested the following afternoon on valentine 's day .
border police stormed the room and questioned the pair for 30 minutes .
doctors believe 26-year-old 's illness was triggered by swine flu .
 mausoleum belongs to king liu fei who ruled the kingdom of jiangdu , china , before dying in 128bc .
 fernandes says he has ` special relationship ' with remy .
 australian carrier has no plans to reroute its twice-daily flight .
 four teenagers claimed the german record in 35 hours , 46 minutes .
 man was arrested when thai airways plane landed in bangkok .
 sam innes 's thong made of colourful rubber bands is up for auction .
brooklyn beckham is second on the list for both boys and girls .'
malaysian airlines ` cargo manifest ' reveals list of items being transported .
bradley eames , isaac richardson and stephen brookes died after taking part .'
karen has produced a dvd to educate parents about spotting drug abuse .
call comes just weeks after recreational pot sales began in washington state .
they became great friends , with the queen dedicating her novel to sonia .
 rumour claimed jeremy bowen angered israel with ` pro-hamas ' comments .
it remains unclear if his armor-fitted limousine , the beast , will also be flown over for his use .'
scott robertson was then sent off for hibs , after a foul on prince buaben .
the crash is still under investigation and no criminal charges are pending .
wolff does n't think controversial system is ` fair '
 rory mcllroy won the open championship on sunday .
 nigel miller is fourth official for the game at the hawthorns this weekend .
the 28-year-old took to twitter to show off his nasty injury .
 marquez has won seven out of seven motogp races so far this season .
he finished ahead of valentino rossi and dani pedrosa .'
from u.s. retailer walgreens it costs $ 20.99 -lrb- # 12.47 -rrb- .
boots no7 serum is also # 10 cheaper from walgreens .
disgraced dentist harry robertson was struck off the register in july .
 english bulldog roxanne woke kevin herlihy , 24 , who alerted his parents , michael and susan .
this automatically follows celebrities based on who the user has liked .
mr singh , a labour mep candidate , was one of 21 diners and staff gunned down .
family .'
 ronald avers is charged with 7 counts of food tampering .
it measures no more than two by three metres and overlooks popular beach .
the mother-of-two is expected to star in her own six-episode cookery show .
 georgia may revealed images for the iconic fragrance on instagram .
nathaniel kibby , 34 , has been charged with kidnapping her and there have been suggestions he kept her captive in a storage container by his home .
she was abducted after school on october 9 and returned home in july .
 pontiff chuckles when he discovers the rosary and puts it in his pocket .
he disappeared from the low-security jail in lancashire 12 days ago .
fugitive prisoners , deaths in custody and attacks on staff are all up .
he had travelled more than 50 miles after running away in fort collins .'
she is being held in a psychiatric unit after being judged ` mentally disturbed ' .
u.s. palestinian teenager tariq abu khdeir appears before israeli court .
 fearne cotton 's annual music festival raises money for coppafeel .
it was worn by fiona butler , 18 , when photograph was taken in birmingham .
lace dress sold at auction in stourbridge , west midlands for # 15,500 .'
co-presenter maria mcerlane soldiered on with the three-hour show .
comments came two weeks after andy said he did not like the flag-raising .
 mr abbott is expected to arrive at the hague in the netherlands on monday .
the 21-year-old is the surrogate mother of seven-month-old gammy .
his three-year-old boy died of head injuries in caversham .
 dutch and australian investigators abandoned attempts reach crash site on monday .
explosions in nearby shakhtarsk forced them to turn back for second day .
 42-year-old turkish woman had been prescribed the drug rasagiline .
rasagiline increases levels of chemical dopamine in the brain .
 social media flooded with pictures of defiant women smiling and laughing .
 troupe wanted account so they could put on shows for terminally-ill children .
only the oldest of the three tarasov brothers showed up to court .
the moggy is a cat hero finalist at the national cat awards .'
us ambassador summonsed to berlin to discuss revelations .
 ionica doru cicea , 22 , and dumitru vaduva were arrested by british police .
power also was lost thursday evening in two communities on the big island .'
17 spectators were injured when car veered off drag strip during wheel spin .
smith jailed for four years - maximum term for death by dangerous driving is 14 .
 tremayne gaskell , 46 , ` preyed on victim ' when they met at a pub in leeds .
 the 24-year-old found his wife after she died at home in wrotham , kent .
comes as users of mumsnet also round on peaches in online thread .
 double olympic gold medallist is expected to replace lord patten .
the event has raised more than # 50million for the singer 's aids foundation .
he said the habit of chopping .
investigation blamed several factors for the ` incoherent mumbling '
others branded show cruel for mocking of less talented acts .
 spencer joined the mic cast at whisky mist for binky 's book launch .
 made in chelsea returns to our screens tonight on e4 .
in his interview he discusses his career in finance before made in chelsea .
says holiday ` romance ' with emma miller was just fun with an old friend .
get ready for : ` adrenalin sports , fast cars and .
critics claim the shoot has been inspired by sex attack in delhi in 2012 .
he says he wanted to highlight dangers to vulnerable women in india .
facebook , twitter and youtube are banned by hardline regime .'
family celebrated milestone once before with birth of ada 's father daniel .
clarke says leaving the european union would diminish job of prime minister .
london grand prix long-held ambition of f1 supremo bernie ecclestone .
 prime minister said independence ` would break my heart ' .
but pensioners in the us can expect a retirement income of # 3,450 .
customers felt ` uncomfortable ' because of his discussions on religion .
 premier league has more players left in brazil than any other league .
 man united defender chris smalling is struggling with a ` minor problem ' .
louis van gaal is keen on working with dutch international blind once again .
 former man united striker mame biram diouf is hoping to impress at stoke .
diouf scored just one goal during his three-year stint at old trafford .
watson will now face victoria azarenka in rogers cup third round .'
new manager mauricio pochettino brought his own coaching staff with him from southampton .'
 agreement between club and city government suspended over possible illegal state aid .
european commission looking into ` very advantageous ' deal .
arum claims that a mega-fight between the pair can still be agreed .
commonwealth games star lynsey sharp was paraded at ibrox .
defender silva is also out of germany clash through suspension .
it allows him to interact with the teacher and move about the school .
 david barajas , 32 , is accused of shooting jose banda , 20 , after he struck his two sons , aged 11 and 12 , on a rural texas road in 2012 .
 lastminute.com was co-founded by baroness lane of soho in 1998 .
maps point to a possible target in sydney 's cbd and one in newcastle .
the whale lunged out of water to feed on a mouthful of anchovies near moss landing in california 's monterey bay .
people have to register and add a contact on kitestring 's website .
they can later use the service by sending texts only if they wish .
mr lake volunteered in a homeless shelter and was ` the kindest person '
defender was sent off during norwich 's championship opener on sunday .
suffers from ptsd - he was blown up in a roadside bomb and had a stroke .
 reverend martin howard caught having affair with member of congregation .
he had been pining the loss of his partner following her death in january .
officials at johannesburg zoo say they do not plan to replace the bears .'
 man , 33 , had attempted leap off brevent in south-east france .
in march , the groom-to-be won ` punching above your weight ' competition .
hurley needs to finish in the top 12 to qualify for next week 's open .
dutch dafne schippers won in 22.04 , the fastest time in the world this year .'
paul pogba 's juventus future set to be clarified shortly amid psg interest .
he says he only enjoyed two months of last season in relegation scrap .
 new premier league season kicks-off on august 16 .
 gerard pique relishing luis suarez 's eventual link-up with barcelona .
pique says suarez will wan to prove himself after ban .
 former qpr defender is available on a free transfer .
office for national statistics report showed rise in single-child families .
called pawp , it could help diagnose and treat male infertility .
 emily n\xc3\xba\xc3\xb1ez , 24 , from carlisle , pennsylvania , is ceo of sword & plough .
 daniel watkiss was sentenced to 18 months in prison for attack .
his father , cleveland watkiss , broke down in court as sentence was read .
cyclist clipped his car while signalling for him to move past .
 incident happened on the a13 and a132 in pitsea , essex on saturday .
 peter humphrey and yu yingzeng were arrested last year in china .
aviation officials say there currently are no set regulations for drone aircraft .
police have appealed for help in identifying the bearded burglar .'
the 24-year-old is a bodybuilding world champion from new zealand .
the 26-year-old is survived by his wife and two young children .
 pattharamon janbua spoke to thai rath news in an extensive interview .
 john oddie , retired air commodore of the royal australian airforce has penned a book about his experiences on the front line .
` parents ' of gammy and twin sister pipah say ` we want our son back ' .
10 cars chased the peters ice cream truck for over 50 kilometres .
wife of 23 years , sally hulse , said the family 's ` lives will never be the same '
people were stumped at when plums , blackberries and asparagus were ripe .
special forces loyal to al-maliki deployed in strategic areas of baghdad .
 strahan .
 ` terroristic threatening ' charges filed against fish collector jay lovell .
event takes place every june in town of nola , near naples in southern italy .
but advertising standards authority says it does not breach their rules .
miss pankhania 's school has more than 13 weeks holiday this year .
his widow elizabeth johnson was at old bailey for trial of nicholas jacobs .
many then shout ` get back ' or ` stand clear ! '
she pocketed her partner 's credit card left by the door and paid off holiday bill .
has now taken tree down : ` we will have to delay christmas a little longer '
 the burglar stares into lens for several seconds , not knowing what to do .
 kay-ann morris , from nottingham , will appear in court tomorrow .
 chc-operated s92 aircraft was returning workers from a north sea platform .
her neighbour 's rottweiler-bullmastiff cross burst in and lunged at her pet .
burst into tears as she was sentenced at hammersmith magistrates ' court .
took 15 minutes and was followed by a beach bbq .
says her lipsticks and bronzers are make-up bag essentials .
 judd posted picture of herself in a bikini after she had a spray tan .
moxie was working as a bomb-sniffer in boston after returning to the u.s.'
 separatists in eastern ukraine urge kremlin to help ` maintain order ' .
donetsk mp claims 40 children have died from shrapnel wounds .
 roberto martinez signed christian atsu on a season 's loan on wednesday .
martinez brought in romelu lukaku , gareth barry , muhamed besic and brendan galloway over the summer ahead of new premier league season .
martinez brought in romelu lukaku , gareth barry , muhamed besic and brendan galloway over the summer ahead of new premier league season .
 remy deal fell through when the striker failed the medical .
captain philipp lahm retired internationally five days after beating argentina .
henen to go into club 's youth ranks after # 1.5 million move from anderlecht .
midfielder is one of six new signings at st james ' park made by pardew .
kevin nolan says ` this year is going to be a very good one for us ' with carroll fit .
the newborn , rhiannon bozek , died last friday evening after being delivered by c-section following the car crash on july 25 .
 reports indicate pakistan has been preparing deal for ` some time ' .
more than 90 percent of limes imported into the u.s. come from mexico .
 the san bernardino basin supplies water to much of the inland empire of california and its 4.2 million residents .
scaffolder spent one week and # 150 painting house pink with yellow dots .
port headland in wa topped the list with a median rental rate of $ 1,775 .
the move is designed to stop foreign inmates from absconding ` soft ' jails .
 argentina players unfurled provocative banner in friendly against slovenia .
investigation launched after mail on sunday revealed he set up group which campaigned against pie leaders facing conspiracy charges .'
he plans to carry out inmate-to-inmate mentoring on how to read and write .
zara included in the team to participate at world equestrian games .'
 van gaal embracing his new role as manager of manchester united .
 manchester united in california on pre-season tour of north america .
brazilian fans wear neymar masks in tribute to their crocked talisman .
 james rodriguez has signed for real madrid for a fee in excess of # 60m .
doctor alberto pan believes suarez was not deliberately injured in england .
thomas vermaelen will be employed as libero if he signs from arsenal .
roy hodgson reasserted that he has fa 's full backing to carry on as england manager .
ole gunnar solskjaer knows midfielder from their time at manchester united .
the 36-year-old is free to play international cricket in that period .
 the arsenal midfielder posted a photo of him with tomas rosicky on his instagram following their wembley success on sunday .
joshua walked out to words of mike tyson at liverpool echo arena .
 sgt joseph barca responded to a call in december 1993 of a baby choking in yonkers , new york .
mr kaplan denies getting recovering addicts to do his housework .
he allegedly stole more than 200,000 credit card numbers and sold more than 140,000 , generating more than $ 2 million in profits .
public health wales spokesman said children thought to have viral gastroenteritis , also known as stomach flu .
 jack bellis climbed chester cathedral without safety ropes or harness .
it appears to show fishermen being shot in fijian water .
 former energy secretary employed by zilkha biomass energy for # 100,000 .
opponents claim the snp has underestimated the scale of the task .
 nick van lier careered into a young boy while travelling downhill .
 the unnamed woman received nearly # 35,000 in damages for sacking her .
joseph has been jailed for four-and-a-half years while kapikanya was given six years .'
however , it is thought frontman would prefer to stay in england .
bhoys boss ronny deila also linked with rubin kazan 's wakaso mubarak .
gunners travelling to turkey on monday ahead of the first-leg .'
manchester united and barcelona both interested in ajax midfielder .
city 's shay facey receives red card in 81st minute for two bookable offences .
aston villa defender has one year remaining on his contract .
manchester united legend says players are given too much too soon .
 brisbane mother yasmin rajah has a rare form of cancer .
but 58-year-old has spent # 15,000 redoing them all over his face and body .
follows similar policy in new zealand where ` green prescriptions ' are offered .
 real have lost to roma , inter milan and man united in international champions cup during pre-season tour of america .
1991 .
but a court heard keen was a bully who raped a number of victims .'
 former manchester united star was arrested on wednesday .
 the land rover centre in huddersfield , west yorks , went up in flames .
mayor of eastwood , in nottinghamshire , was carrying out official duties .
mcauliffe , of haworth , west yorkshire , admitted 23 child porn offences .
 the village of loveclough in lancashire is renowned as a beauty spot .
 savannah said today she felt ` life had just started ' since the birth of her daughter vale on wednesday .
more will soon be sent back to honduras , guatemala and el salvador .
 chancellor merkel said the latest allegations of spying , if true , are a ` clear contradiction as to what i consider to be trusting cooperation ' between partners .
a 31-year-old man who worked at germany 's bnd foreign intelligence agency reportedly admitted passing documents to a us contact .
we want .
 erin schwartz and her family were enjoying a south carolina beach day when they saw a pig swimming in the ocean near by .
he allegedly targeted vehicles of those attending gay days events and had ` spotters ' .
 an anonymous donor helped to fly joshua gaines home to west texas to see his family before passing away .
said we have only recently become obsessed with sleeping only at night .'
conservationists think dragonflies have been helped by warmer climate .'
wild crane was once commonplace , but hunted to extinction by 1600s .'
 roland dow , 28 , from new hampshire has been jailed for 67 years .
linscott pleaded guilty to endangerment and will serve two to seven years .
the melbourne woman said the pair were swooped by a grey bird .
in northern nsw homes were lost to bushfires overnight .
jehan then takes off the head of his costume and proposes to vish .'
both taken to hospital as one snapped ankle and other dislocated shoulder .
 gary wilmshurst fell from a ladder in the garden outside his home on boxing day 2011 .
 tom bond killed by a train when he ran onto the tracks on saturday .
 julie anne joseph served eight months in an indonesian jail .
 incredible video was captured at the good samaritan hospital in the town of kearney .
 arwa damon , a cnn foreign correspondent , allegedly drunkenly bit two emt workers in baghdad .
he has now been charged with misleading an investigation and has had his passport revoked .'
doctors ordered bed rest for the remainder of he pregnancy .
body was found by a canine team submerged in a muddy bog on thursday .
 tens of thousands of iraqis from the yazidi religious minority flee over the tigris river in northern iraq .
gary johnstone , 50 , a married father-of-three was trying to save the teen when they both fell .
 the american victim - who has not been identified - worked for energy company apache corp .
 hayley turner , 18 , was found shirtless and 40 miles from home by a homeowner .
 cheryl gilson , of cornish , maine , was arrested for speeding in april in saco .
the 46-year-old admitted thursday he delayed ` refused to call for help ' in 2009 when sex partner began seizing from snorting his coke .
had spells at la galaxy as well as premier league side everton .
 after medical advice li na has withdrawn from the us open with a knee injury .
somers , 30 , filed police report saying she was awakened by her father fondling her and and kissing her hand .
 the father , 41 , who is not being identified by mailonline , shot dead raymond earl brooks , 59 , sunday .
onyango died of tuesday in a boston rehabilitation center aged 61 .
drivers were seen laughing and sniggering during the performance .
some reports say searches were carried out by men , others women .
explosions in nearby shakhtarsk forced them to turn back for second day .
explosions in nearby shakhtarsk forced them to turn back for second day .
longer .
 david weston started teaching watford grammar school in 2003 .
now having changed schools and entered beauty pageant is recovering .
the nose landing gear on the cold war-era fighter failed to go down .
first event to begin before the opening ceremony in 30 years .
police returned fire and killed both men in the car .
the snakes are small , but vicious and so far at least 48 of them have been caught in traps .
 memorial service was held on saturday for ommy irizarry , 36 , and his daughter oceana , 9 .
bridgeport correctional center .'
footage was filmed by another driver waiting at the lights .'
2012 .
 darius boyd was given leave by newcastle knights to deal with depression .
rhys connor , 25 , took his life when he was a fifo worker at a mine site in wa last year .
 suffolk shop sees business bank account cancelled after 25 years .
the auckland woman had both her arms cut off by a samurai sword .
incident is similar to blunder that allowed khaled sharrouf to leave the country in december using his brother 's passport to join fighting in syria .
smith was rescued by a police officer who broke the glass and a passerby who helped pull her out of the vehicle .
 ross barkley was originally ruled out for eight weeks with a knee injury .
however roberto martinez now fears he could be without barkley for longer .
roberto martinez want to take clayton trial with a view to offering the striker a long-term deal at goodison park if he impresses .'
zlatan ibrahimovic and his psg team-mates are training in beijing .'
winger pilkington and defender morrison could sign within 48 hours .
 swansea sold chico , michel vorm and ben davies this summer .
many thought the englishman would struggle without luis suarez .
 keane hugged by villa mascot bella the lion on first appearance at villa park .
brown has same name as a man who was involved in business dealings .
 moussa sidime , 74 , will serve his 60-day sentence on weekends over 30 weeks followed by two years ' probation .
 dickie arbiter , former press secretary to the queen , and eminent historian sir max hastings will be at the daily mail literary lunch this year .'
at a time , the figures reveal .
 sgt.
said he has already had a leg amputated and was ` tired ' of the procedures .
spokesman for charlton sweeper hire says police are dealing with matter .
it is pushed bottom-first into the back seat and tries to escape .
24-old-year eventually arrived at hospital where baby had very low heart rate .
laws purchased the 961 square metre site in 1981 for only $ 264,000 .
mcgrady said he was sad seeing the algae surrounding diana 's memorial .
the 13-year-old girl sent the egg to an anonymous solider in france in 1915 .
certificates in scotland and northern ireland also included mothers ' names .
says she is grateful for being able to learn from the mistakes of others .
also says fiance justin would ` put a gun ' to her if she had procedures .
 championship strugglers bolton want ibe for the rest of the season .
 robins leaving huddersfield after just one game is typical of championship .
stevan jovetic looks a new signing after scoring both city 's goals .
 a toronto bakery created the bespoke cupcake for a 40th birthday .
the ingredients include a # 500 bottle of luxury champagne .
epitaph reads : ` philanthropist , .
 alejandro rodriguez de cabo 's woke up saying benedict would resign .
 coronation street actor , 81 , who plays ken barlow , is charged with two counts of raping a 15-year-old girl in 1967 .
 a prototype , named abigaille , has footpads covered with dry microfibres .
anna and terry married last year , months after his divorce finalise .'
maliackal is a 2012 graduate of the university of south florida where he was the president of his fraternity .
 hayleigh black was sent home on the first day of school because administrators found her hair violated a rule against ` disruptive ' hair styles .
anderson and howard are both career burglars , police say .
far behind in third and fourth place were t-mobile and sprint .'
kepler 's wife , gina , wo n't be charged with being an accessory after the fact of murder .
had been at a pupil referral unit , where her mother said she had changed .
the isle of wight school said it was preparing students for employment .
carnage company that he works for has been order to close for 12 months .
mr hockey caused uproar when he said poor people do n't need cars .
10 people including two britons and two new zealanders have been rescued .
 ukip leader ends months of speculation over where he will stand next year .
rudd , 26 , is awaiting sentencing after being found guilty of several drugs charges .
rudd has a six-month-old baby , who she has asked to take to prison to continue breastfeeding .
trio all worked for armstrong 's us postal service team .
astonishing footage was taken at a lake in south africa .'
 warriena wright , 26 , died after falling from 14th-floor balcony on august 8 .
the 28-year-old was charged with murder on friday afternoon at 2.02 pm .
 officers arrest 60-year-old on suspicion of murder after his wife found dead .
arsenal go into the game on the back of two successive wins .
 celebrities heads have been blended with the frame of a bodybuilder .
 the miniscule copy of the bible was sent to orbit with apollo 13 in 1970 .
it 's good to see aaron ramsey back and on the score sheet for arsenal .
 former newcastle striker nile ranger is on trial accused of rape .
she also alleges she went on holiday to forget what happened .
 argentina appoint gerardo martino as coach to replace alejandro sabella .
 severely autistic teen max begley , 13 , spends most of his summer mornings at his grandmothers house in newcastle , canada .
passengers will be offered a five-star food and drink service .
 freda carter 's son john , 33 , died from a brain tumour in 2008 .
` it was some sort of miracle , ' says scott , who is now an aspiring actor .
 brooke has transformed herself from shy country girl to touring dj .
 alexandra kalandrani was burgled by marius siurkus and an accomplice .
heather mack and her boyfriend , tommy schafer , 21 , have been arrested .'
children were moved to a nearby school at 8.30 am on thursday .
 jill hansen , 30 , pleaded not guilty to attempted murder tuesday .
 werner freund , 79 , has raised more than 70 wolves on his sanctuary in merzig , germany .
 julian lewis , 19 , has sprayed graffiti all over newport in wales .
the teenager snatched the valuable phone from a shop display .
her boyfriend afahan hussain , 29 , appeared from behind and beat victim .
ready ' .
 tricia norman listed three defendants in the lawsuit she filed monday in polk county , florida .
however wakefeild council has policy against using metallic caskets .
she bought the fake mulberry bags online for just # 100 .
she bought them from counterfeit suppliers in china and sold them as real .
united face swansea in their pre-season opener at old trafford on saturday .
 samir nasri was watched on at wembley by his partner anara atanes .
 says it 's a fact that australia is more sexist than other countries .
will portray julia gillard 's term as prime minister in stalking julia .
there has also been a reported lack of interest from breeders of the cattle .
tigerair australia strongly refutes the allegations that safety was compromised in any of the incidents .'
between them , they have killed lions , rhinos and bears for sport .
slaven bilic was sent to the stands despite his enormous technical area .
friedman also shared first ultrasound printouts showing the fetus .
 the maricopa county sheriff 's office deputies are yet to be identified .
 conte replaces cesare prandelli as italy boss .
 donald miller jr. , 62 , of fostoria , ohio , skipped out on his family in the 1980s .
report considers if group should be classified as a terrorist organisation .
her body was found on friday just a few miles from the couple 's home .
jeffery becker , 35 , killed in crumpled wreckage despite wearing seatbelt .
 former detective lucy worthington had affair with pc christopher stoddart .
mrs murray was married with two young daughters .
those who had stressful days felt guilty about tv watching and gaming .
inspired by hugh jackman , gerard butler and the rock .
he tried to hug and kiss the models and would ask them intimate question .
nico rosberg finished behind his mercedes team-mate .
craig davies opened the scoring for bolton with a 27th minute penalty .
after the networking event , he sent her emails asking to have sex with her .
these sheets where then rolled into tubes to create ` beads ' .
tigers killed a sixth member of the party and ate half of his remains .
 nile ranger , 22 , claimed the woman had consented to sex , court hears .
he posted an impassioned plea for help on youtube - and 200 people came .
camp 's plots to be made available to the 50 travellers currently on the site .
 aleksandr sagiev , 20 , was found in grand teton national park friday .
 lane in reading , berkshire , has been criticised by cyclists and drivers .
writing on facebook , he said : ` they have tried to assassinate me civilly ' .
the former police chief has been on trial at lisbon 's palace of justice .
alex oxlade-chamberlain shared the snap of him and kieran gibbs .
the majority of parents are unaware that the information is being gathered or how it is used .
bill shorten reveals he was the labor figure investigated by victoria police .
frank says there was sex offender hierarchy at hmp moorland in yorkshire .
those who 'd committed the worst sex crimes were the most respected .
lakshmi kanta sarkar sentenced to death by court in west bengal .
benson was found guilty of two counts of sexual activity with a child .
more than 100 members gather together at devon holiday park .
the army is currently investigating bergdahl 's disappearance and will formally interview him tomorrow .
it is thought the family were driving to albania when the accident happened .
car , which has no doors or side-pillars , said to be a favourite of the queen .
video dates from april , 16 , 2013 - one day after the deadly attacks .
 dickie arbiter worked at buckingham palace for 12 years as press secretary .
team sky insist they are a ` clean team ' and say ` we play by the rules '
 men claim they tried to commit suicide after sacked by australian army .
laura weightman , who is coached by steve cram , won bronze in the 1500m .
 40-year-old mother pavey wins first major title .
punches and kicks were thrown as three players were sent off .
 yannick bolasie re-enacts famous scene from rocky film in philadelphia .
 guests will be able to select and customise rooms on smartphones .
one uk owner requested a ` personal butler ' for their pet .
nine beaches in kent affected by discharge , caused by heavy rain .
 jeff daniels , 37 , allegedly beat craig wilson , 45 , with brass knuckles before shooting him in the stomach at a home on friday .
 bertha kelly , 66 , killed along with son john kelly , 48 .
 cctv shows woman walking down the pavement as car comes towards her .
he had been using the money to pay for two daughters ' private education .
has been performing and partying at v festival .'
china currently lead the medal table , while ben dijkstra has won gold for team gb in triathlon .
 carlos arellano , 22 , stabbed in stomach after refusing to give up skateboard .
when the lion snaps wing mirror clean off they take it as their signal to leave .
 troughton has quit the game because of a back injury .
slaven bilic expects arsenal to be more prepared on tuesday .
mechanical failure yesterday saw 39 riders trapped in safety restraints .
principal john goh is being congratulated for his innovative approaches .
 state opposition leader advocates legal access to medical marijuana .
killer whale in the wild but they have been killed their trainers when in captivity .
koeman 's side face west brom at st mary 's on saturday .
 bank of england governor indicated a turn for the better for british economy .
 the majority of french travellers considered themselves to be generous .
sun rays bounced off ball setting curtain alight and tearing across room .
but final compensation will only come once cause of crash is established .
win at valhalla was his second in us pga and fourth overall .
lee mcculloch , darren mcgregor , nicky clark and a chris turner own goal did the damage .
german has just returned to training after world cup win .
arsene wenger 's side ended trophy drought by winning the fa cup .
 platini did not realise ronaldo had a medal and tried to get him another one .
chloe bennett was born on may 30 , but struggled to breathe .
but the student said she had not intended to kill the 55-year-old alcoholic .
 ben wilby , 12 , was diagnosed with craniosynostosis at the age of two .
 businessman attempted to travel the wrong way down an escalator - for more than two minutes .
she was also a chess champion as a child and has quite a few talents .
dr tahseen even sent patient home with untreated ectopic pregnancy .
the ball soared very briefly before bouncing along the ground .'
lax police chief patrick gannon said she has a ` fixation on flying '
 james grant , 27 , accused of rape , is freed after derailing his trial with letters .
 residents and staff from gosberton house care home in lincolnshire spent weeks learning routines and two days filming .
 katherine jennings , 33 , was arrested in charlotte for the december 2013 death of 8-month-old luke phillips , who died while sleeping with her .
they were held in adjoining cells at a police station following arrest .'
they called him kalo which means ` buddy ' in local language .
lee was arrested in alaska on sunday on suspicion of homicide .
 jonathan phan ` broke into a california home in july , took off his clothes and climbed into a woman 's bed ' .
 vardy scored 16 goals as leicester won the championship title last season .
townsend missed world cup though injury .
 root unbeaten on 92 and england captain cook scored 79 .
 the # 6million summer signing is set to make his debut against villa .
 researchers from michigan state university discovered that ` unattractive ' people are more likely to be bullied in the workplace .
study was conducted for the intellectual property and science business .
the predictions were made by looking at global patent data and trends .
 jack wilshere hails the everton comeback as fantastic point .
 a vintage jaguar wedding car was among the six vehicles involved in the crash on saturday afternoon .
bosses say storyline featuring carol jackson battling breast cancer has caused a surge in the number of women seeking medical help .
small bodies also require less food and give out less heat .
said he wanted tourists to the visitors centre to slow down .
 nicholas whittaker has been charged over the incident on board flight .
artists invited to submit a sculpture in return for their free stay .
 labour threatens to sue austin mitchell over anna yearley comment .
 matthew ames had all four limbs amputated in june 2012 after contracting toxic shock syndrome .
ac milan keen to sell mario balotelli , claim italian papers .
 celtic assistant collins is hoping that wakaso will join the squad in slovenia .
the family did not even think milano was home at the time .
the 17-year-old horse was rescued by owner john hoogerhyde from a farm 18 months ago where she was beaten and starved .
 manchester city have teamed up with tm lewin as their suit provider .
manolas has champions league experience with the greek champions .
he is unable to afford medical treatment and ca n't watch them while at work .
thanks to village 's help and protests he now receives government support .
architect used all-glass panels in the restaurant 's toilets .
nearly 350,000 ukrainian civilians have been displaced by the fighting .
 johnny manziel of the cleveland browns - whose off-the-field partying ways have .
he has been ordered to pay a $ 588,042 penalty and could face years in jail .'
upside-down rainbows are scientifically known as circumzenithal arcs .
wojcicki denies causing death by dangerous driving - the trial continues .'
 the 84-year-old is handing out mars bars during games of dominoes .
 the australian competition and consumer commission -lrb- accc -rrb- launched the case at the federal court on wendesday .
instead , mr gas\xc3\xa9e believes humans should be the store 's curators .
he was later seen with his head in his hands outside luxury apartment .
flights were delayed at frankfurt airport until after explosion as bomb was found in one of its main flight paths .'
two officers were shot at around midday yesterday after responding to call .
says he wo n't move back to farmhouse ` because it could happen again ' .
hanif , 30 , met his victim while she was studying accountancy in london .
 hector bellerin is arsenal 's fastest-ever player over 40 metres .
marouane fellaini will be given a chance to stake a claim at old trafford .'
the 53-year-old also opted for hollywood actress roberts .
dipsy does stand-up comedy .
 lords voted 247 to 218 in favour of the amendment to human rights act .
by age five , he should be able to hear conversations on the phone .'
experts believe home composting has attracted more flies .
 jason and annelia black claim actor treated their child differently .
 carla brenner , 52 , was sentenced to three months in prison for theft in 2011 .
developed by flappy bird creator dong nguyen and is in the same style .
mr nguyen famously pulled flappy bird for being too addictive .
public will nominate objects and projects that harm earth via twitter .
vermaelen has been heavily linked with manchester united .
 danielle tyler , 23 , from derbyshire was initially accepted for the competition .
hammers signed enner valencia this summer for # 12m .
sportsmail charts the tournament career of gerrard over 14 years .'
made and decorated by bathrooms.com and choccywoccydoodah from 50kg of belgian chocolate .
 grant pain confronted speed camera operator in rhondda , south wales .
 oliver wotherspoon , from bolton , spends # 150 a month on energy bills .
 asia parveen , 31 , inflicted 57 separate injuries during attack .
further setback .
 bruno the newfoundland has incredible strength and swimming ability .
prosecuted after refusing to pay a # 240 fine from coventry city council .
infested bag has now been destroyed , and the remaining bags sanitised .'
balboni said he hired international firm to discover foley 's whereabouts .
 former ryder cup captains back over-50s event .
bbc sport take more staff to the open than there are golfers .'
 manchester united hope to sign argentine player for # 75m .
 michael elardo ` fled after hitting bryanna soplin on sunday morning ' .
their network was hacked on wednesday in what officials say ` has all the markings of a state-sponsored attack ' .
despite rain in leeds today , the site looks set to be dry .
prosecutors have said they probably will appeal judge 's ruling - 120 days to decide .
will sell her main line and more affordable ` sister ' range .
 kellie littmoden 's daughter eden , three , has phelan-mcdermid syndrome .
 marjorie mascheroni , 71 , has been sentenced to a year and a day in jail .
she pleaded guilty to conspiring to sell classified nuclear weapons data .
vanessa fowler said her three nieces were doing well since the tragedy .
the biggest gripe was being stuck at long checkout queues .
halloun responded by saying ` i 'll win in the end ' .
 william smith , 14 , found five months after mother alison overton , 39 , died .
 fighting broke out between relatives in luton and police were called in .
driver escaped and called for help but passenger remained trapped underneath the cement mixer .
brought the ageing revolutionary a tracksuit and a basket of fruit .
david mcgoldrick doubles the advantage in second half .
# 8million defender signed from napoli on wednesday .
 scott dann faces late fitness test for crystal palace .
gerardo martino has since taken over as argentina boss .
then they went on investment tv show to ask for funding from the dragons .
concludes gay men have wider and shorter faces , smaller and shorter noses and bigger jaws .
 americanisms like ` awesome ' have replaced the english word marvellous .
 brave cristina zenato swims with more than 100 sharks in the tank at the sea aquarium in singapore .
 the landslide at sidmouth beach was caught on camera by tourist .
 jan harding , 67 , almost died after drinking iced tea mixed cleaning-compound lye .
 a passenger filmed the incident at volgograd international airport .
he was also on a ventilator and was fed through a tube into his stomach .
 andy harman , from reigate , surrey , lands whopping 150lb siamese carp .
her creations are uploaded to her tumblr blog running drawing .
czech first league defender does the same but creates counter-attack .
was knocked down and beaten on way home in oakham , leicestershire .
the criminals then rob the drug dens and sell the cannabis themselves .'
 scott frerman , from tennessee , witnessed the cubs fighting in back garden .
 milan have asked about fernando torres ' availability this summer .
hull in advanced talks to sign rhodes as a replacement for shane long .
he was hanged in november 1910 for poisioning his wife cora .
 referee pedro proenca waved away appeals for a penalty after ramon motta appeared to be clipped from behind by jack wilshere .
besiktas coach slaven bilic targets europa league glory .'
 west ham lost on penalties to league one sheffield united .
 van gaal brought januzaj on in the 63rd minute with the score at 1-1 .
in seconds the scientists hand is covered by thick layer of this solid ` ice ' .
reports of a fire in the plane 's galley led to an emergency landing in canada .
but now 17 , rosie has beaten her demons and the bullies conquering her eating disorder to become a healthy size eight .
 liverpool accepted # 14million bid for borini in july .
hunger games star jena malone features and mad men 's elisabeth moss .
5,000 people packed in prison meant for 600 .
mr millett intervened and told tarry to ` chill out ' - but was struck in the jaw .
he allegedly used a camera inside his shoe to film up women 's skirts in a florida walmart .
a shopper noticed him standing close behind her and an odd hole in his shoe .
the second time , she demanded to see his shoe .
 wanted john mehmet , of east london , sped off when police approached .
passengers were evacuated from the plane once it made a safe landing .
sold to three-way consortium and he will now be used to father more sheep .
 sam is competing for a final spot on the st. louis rams .
court hears that mrs mcdonnell was ` concerned ' about role as first lady .
us navy officials said it signified the ` future for the carrier air wing ' .
oxford street store selling more than 30 a day of the coat .
 becky , 14 , from hull lives with her depressed mother and sister rosie , 8 .
 researchers say weather was key to spread of disease .
the other winner was a 15-member syndicate purchased by a group of workmates from western sydney .
 alejandrina najera , nine , from texas suffers from incurable brain disease .
 abbey clancy and holly willoughby voted as having the best legs and feet .
 the damanhur federation is an eco community based in piedmont in italy .
racing 3000 miles across america for the michael matthews foundation .
strict dress codes mean that women must wear keep the hemline below the knee , with no trousers allowed .
he had dozens of vodka and red bull cocktails in that time , coroner told .
21-year-old adriana cernanova models for risqu\xc3\xa9 new campaign .'
menus will be nearly identical to regular starbucks stores .'
emergency services received calls from locals after thick black smoke was seen billowing into the air .
the young vixen was taken to the national fox welfare society in rushden .
humble plane mechanic keith duffner saluted morris for his sacrifice .'
it was the scene of her last 1979 gig - tickets this year sold out in 15 minutes .
cool comes weeks before predictions for temperatures to dip in the region .
 lord dannatt said uk and us will have to open negotiations with assad .
 cesc fabregas claims he 's settled in well at chelsea .
former arsenal and barcelona midfielder has impressed in a blue shirt .
 corporal andrew garthwaite lost his arm serving in helmand province .
 only chanel , hermes , louis vuitton or gucci can be exchanged .
 model , 30 , saw her debut make-up collection sell out .
after losing the weight she was still in pain so went to her doctor .
 blackburn say striker jordan rhodes is not for sale .
siem de jong missed visitors ' best chance .
the 24-year-old was a target for newcastle when cabaye left in january .
 # 7 cocktail fuses prosecco with all-natural ice lolly .
took part in boot camp led by military trainers .
 daniel only decided to make the unusual entrance two weeks before .
 friendly 's has since issued a statement that reads : ` we honor each state 's laws and welcome all breastfeeding moms and their children .
 tamara celebrated her 30th birthday at london 's me hotel on the strand .
 katharina unger has developed a maggot-breeding device for the kitchen .
hampshire .
grounds include seven-bedroom manor house , gardens , pool and 10 acres .'
mobile beautician super-glued the hair in and alexis was left in agony .
after the air was drained from his chest , the heart turned back again .'
 fruit juice should be limited as it contains a lot of sugar , experts warn .
will advise gps to give them to those with 10 % risk or heart attack or stroke .'
is running virgin london marathon on sunday in aid of missing people .
his girlfriend maria sharapova was noticeably absent today .
 susan gianstefani first donated kidney in 2001 to elderly us patient .
in spite of the blustery weather both appeared in good spirits .
packaging , flavouring and sports sponsorship said to entice young people .'
 4tsps is equivalent to less than half a normal can of coca-cola , .
this causes too much growth hormone to be produced in his brain .
kieran martin , 23 , from south shields , runs one of the biggest competitions .
often takes girlfriends home to meet his mother , 51 .'
estimated 70 per cent of children aged 11 and 12 in uk now own a mobile .'
now often does 10-mile walks and is hoping to lose more for her wedding .'
now weighs 17st and goes to the gym up to 12 times a week .'
number of district nurses has dropped by 50 % in the past decade .
 harry kane puts spurs ahead after missed penalty .
west ham signed valencia for # 12million this summer .
study of sediment shows drought more common than previously thought .
 the crown manor house hotel pleaded guilty to five offences .
 rotterdam to develop water-purifying wave pool in city 's retail centre .
 filmmaker milton tan created the video after snapping 11,000 photos .
the award is for the best player in europe during the 2013-14 season .
held at london 's hilton park lane hotel last night .
 duke and duchess of york , both 53 , live at royal lodge in windsor together .
 madeleine married new york banker o'neill in stockholm on june 8 .
youngster is competing with roiberto soldado and emmanuel adebayor .
hotel has been voted the best in the city by industry experts .
men chose ivory ; women like white .
 women said that wayne , liam and ryan were love rat names .
uk ra\xc3\xablian glenn carter explains what being a ra\xc3\xablian is really all about .'
 reality tv star first celebrity ambassador of australian tanning brand .
 lauren walsh , 15 , from morecambe , has a lavish designer wardrobe .
claims to have spent # 87,360 over 30 years before changing her ways .
 even stars such as kim cattrall can suffer from the dreaded dimpling .
after two years of trying , 33-year-old fell pregnant after losing weight .
peier was arrested at gunpoint after apparently flying into their airspace .'
 maria gillon , 13 , is particularly vulnerable to attack while sleeping .
she 's cared for in a nursing home where all the other residents are elderly .
portuguese manager described diego costa and cesc fabregas as ` men ' .
the forward returns to barcelona training on tuesday following a break .
comes as the un calls for international community to act urgently over iraq .
the artist behind the mural , arno coenen , said the artwork is about nature .'
but as it was coming into land the pilot 's arm came off .
news will please oscar-winners michael douglas and cate blanchett .
 finlay meakin , 13 , spotted 19 dolphins stuck in shallow water in lochbuie .
scotland could vote to leave the uk in the crucial vote on september 18 .
three people were killed and four injured in the spree that happened between 5:50 am and 6:50 am .'
 alleged attack took place in a caravan last night on festival traders ' site .
 pastor hyacinth brown , 79 , suffered a heart attack and was taken to hospital .
but the ` unduly lenient ' term will be reviewed following 10 complaints .
he was inspired to start project in 1987 after a pilgrimage to the vatican .
mcdonough testified that she was in a dominant-submissive relationship with her boyfriend , and brought marriott over as an offering to him .
claims bank did nothing to stop head of trading company withdrawing cash .
schorsch says he tipped the barista $ 100 and believes that if you er .
 nasa researchers in california say voyager 1 is in interstellar space .
 mcdonnell testified about his troubled marriage to wife maureen at length during their public corruption trial on thursday .
 natasha mcelrath , 16 , and her 8-year-old brother are said to be improving at the hospital and do not have any life-threatening injuries .
the siblings were riding the ferris wheel thursday night when natasha 's crutches got jammed on the ride and their chair tipped forward .
the brother and sister fell about seven to 10 feet .
 pc mark wallace was driving home when he noticed puppies on side of road .
due to appear in bankstown local court this afternoon .
daniel morcombe 's parents launched their book ` where is daniel ?
mps launched a campaign for ms mills to be grilled by a commons committee .
 mceachran set to join vitesse arnhem on loan until the end of the season .
 the target of the hit was cosimo orlando , 43 , who was a convicted criminal .
pants rule tells them no one should touch them under their underwear .
 researchers have said that stars hotter than our sun could support life .
previously it was thought such f-type stars would be inhospitable .
the misled silo was decommissioned in 1960 and the missile was removed from the property .
 chen ho was talking to a friend on mobile phone when device fell down toilet .
 missionary 's son arthur wharton came to england from africa in 1880s .
brondby want to tempt agger back to denmark .
she spent the cash on a boob job , a sports car , and far-flung holidays .
mr johnson has backed away from his plan for ` boris island ' in thames .
 alastair cook and alex hales will opening the batting against india .
 italy boss antonio conte said he will be picking players on current from .
claims he has been a victim ` detained ' in embassy and will leave ` soon ' .
the internet giant already encrypts gmail and most searches .
phil dowd 's form has dropped as he has gained weight .
investigation began with a toronto man accused of running a company since 2005 that distributed child pornography videos .'
 ex-manchester city striker was abused when training with italy .
police were forced to disperse supporters from training camp .
 shibley rahman was struck off in 2006 for ` serious psychological violence ' .
 trinity liliana coward died after being crushed by stone fireplace .
 ranieri appointed greece manager on two-year deal on tuesday .
 modou barrow will travel to swansea this week to sign for # 1.5 million .
 sunderland are interested in a loan move for sebastian coates .
 artur boruc wants to leave southampton for serie a side cagliari .
 the hungry swallows were snapped at st michael 's mount , cornwall .
the sibling swallows can be seen dancing for their dinner in the pictures .
raymond wychowanec was flown to a different hospital to be treated .
the only motive that police have is robbery after victim told him he was abducted in a van with other strangers .'
 sgt.
she was last seen walking home from a friend 's house .
 new cap on charging introduced at midnight but only for travel within eu .
 photographer brook mitchell documented the annual pilgrimage of the marrinyama men of queensland 's western deserts .
she married director taylor hackford more than 15 years ago .
yet , pso j815.5-22 does not have a host star and is ` drifting on its own '
some locals worry the event will damage the town 's image .
23-year-old is set to move from olympiacos in a # 10.4 million transfer deal .'
david beckham and ryan giggs both started for manchester united .
malcolm turnbull has disputed that the pm said that in the party room .
 a mother , 34 , was found dead in her lounge in ` suspicious circumstances ' at norman park , in brisbane 's south east .
a 17-year-old member was stabbed in the chest at the gatecrashed party .
spokesperson says group has ` thousands ' of australian supporters .
 brazilian midfielder felipe melo is confronted by fenerbahce 's goalkeeper after missing a penalty .
fans of galatasaray and fenerbahce lit up the stadium by setting off bright flares .
 lewis hamilton and nico rosberg collided in belgian grand prix .
cattle are currently being agisted by local farmer , and there are also six rainwater tanks with capacity of 62,000 litres .
mr chandler had to punch him in the nose several times to subdue him .
longtime friend phil lamb said mr nixon 's behaviour was out of character .
 danny creamer , 21 , and gina allan , 18 , receive # 17,680 per year .
` i 'm running into this thing ' , the aussie yells in one-minute video .
basketball australia requested the material be changed to ' i support ' .
poyet wants to bring in a few new players on monday .
 mario balotelli is on holiday with pals in versilia , italy .
 tottenham host liverpool in the premier league on sunday .
 crystal palace have bid for qpr left back armand traore .
plymouth-based hms argyll was deployed and chased suspected smugglers .
he was killed by a self-inflicted gunshot wound - no other injuries reported .
he changed his name and ran for parliament as captain beany .
 london gangs draw up lists of rivals ' girlfriends and relatives to target .
use of sexual violence an attempt to create fear and intimidate rivals .
and since fought back against the beatings to become a top pin-up model .
firefighters tony grider , 41 , and alex quinn , 22 , were hospitalized after a surge of electricity jumped over from nearby power lines .
 construction workers ravaged 100ft pyramid for rock to use as road fill .
ben eberle 's truck and took his ipod touch .
it first opened in 1913 but business boomed during world war two .
capt babington-browne was trapped when helicopter burst into flames .
 football player albert ebosse killed when hit by rock thrown from stands .
agent in charge , j.b. bernstein , is played by mad men actor jon hamm .
construction workers attempt extreme challenge using 80ft chute .'
left ` upset ' by judges comments , calling remarks ` baseless and unjustified '
they vanished while visiting their mother , onwarat gamlem , in thailand .
he was punched and struck his head on the footpath while leaving a party .
 sofia abramovich , 19 , has posted several family portraits in her instagram .
at least six other women were assaulted in columbus , ohio , he told cops .'
 amanda lightfoot intervened after hayley cole thomson was hit in a row .
co-workers covered the 46-year-old at cooper car sales , ystrad mynach .
within hours he had raised more than # 1,000 for macmillan cancer support .
hospital near catania , sicily , has now launched an inquiry into the case .
particular frocks pinpoint milestones and crossroads in her life .
other northern territorians have taken to cooking up the toad .'
 scotland island in pittwater , north of sydney , is on the market for $ 190,000 .
commentator pommie mbangwa was left to pick shards out of his shirt .
a 70-year-old western bulldogs supporter was escorted from the ground .
 st. louis cardinals player a. j. pierzynski accidentally flings bat into crowd .
the unnamed cardinals fan appears fine and holds up the bat laughing after .'
currently holidaying in malibu with gordon ramsay .
we go out and fight ' .
he wants to renegotiate britain 's relationship with brussels before vote .
 boy , 12 , was knocked over and fatally injured after being hit by a skip lorry .
the spikes have been reinstalled with new smooth , rounded tips .
 nostalgic motorists gathered in brighton for mod weekender event .
 photographs show japanese military recruits standing naked in woods .
juan mata opened the scoring before jack rodwell equalised .'
the former england captain has now retracted his comments .
george left arena on a stretcher and is out of fiba world cup .
fury pulls out because his mind is not focused due to his uncle 's illness .
 ex-chelsea claudio ranieri has been unveiled as manager of greece .
predecessor fernando santos took greece to last 16 at the 2014 world cup .
diego costa doubtful for chelsea after missing two days training .
sam vokes back running in training and is still only burnley absentee .
ghanaian promises to bring glory back to celtic .
west brom , norwich and leicester all keeping tabs on the 30-year-old .
 qantas has announced a $ 2.84 billion loss for the year ending june 30 .
male senators have called ms gillibrand ` porky ' and made comments to ms bash about ` getting her figure back ' after childbirth .
victim jacqueline hurst was choked with her own silk scarf during attack .
he was banned from the operating theatre for six weeks in 2004 after a drug test found cocaine in his system .
a benchmark system is in place for officers to use discretion .
 six-year-old rottweiler has been re-homed with geoff and sylvia shoesmith .
bless was longest-staying resident at home - staying there for five months .
 shaun wright responsible for .
 jordan .
dunn , 22 , ran onto pitch during west ham vs tottenham hotspur .
 group of australian scientists write out their honest feelings about climate change .
 victim named locally as katrina coucill , 27 , caught up in incident at pub .
bradley and older brother dean both wore pendant photos of daniel , who was abducted and murdered in december 2003 .
bradley wrote ` i 've always dreamt of having you as my wife .
it was last spotted at fremantle beach and was continuing south .'
 john van wisse , 41 , is hoping to break the london to paris triathlon record .
two drivers were taken to hospital with injuries including burns from airbag .
 dominic thiem comes from two sets down to win .
federer will pay marcel granollers in the third round at flushing meadows .'
also wins for marin cilic , kevin anderson , gael monfils and feliciano lopez .'
hales was due to make his odi for england but he will have to wait .
skipper robbie keane is battling to be fit for double-header .
dave weir was preparing to take on his swiss rival marcel hug .
palace co-chairman steve parish wants to appoint a new manager this week .
froome dropped out of tour de france while wiggins was not selected .'
she became inspired by old pictures of her mother while at her bedside .
a heathrow express ticket for two is # 40.60 more than public transport .
 tv presenter said she borrowed her friend 's husband to take on holiday .
raheem sterling could have sold him a nutmeg .
his son jack attended the dedication ceremony with mother rebecca .
nationalists said the campaign depicts scottish women as ` daft ditherers '
it 's unclear why miller did not bring the dog inside the building with him .
 poyet brought buckley to the stadium of light for # 2.5 m from brighton .
sunderland drew 1-1 with manchester united at stadium of light on sunday .
nick blackman scored a spectacular consolation for the hosts .
more than half say they would vote to leave europe .
cerci is more interested in joining arsenal than southampton .
michael dawson set for medical at hull as tottenham close in on signings .
derby county set to loan young liverpool winger jordon ibe .
kill yourself , you deserve to die , ' read one post .
world cup winners are interested in hosting entire tournament in 2024 .'
tracks were made by three-toed meat-eating theropod dinosaurs .
one runway was closed for landing , causing flight disruption .
his debut ended on 69 minutes after taking a kick to his calf .
 tony cartlidge claims he is the victim of a campaign of bullying .
but none of his uncapped players will start at wembley on wednesday .'
manchester united are prepared to sell the england midfielder .
fa chairman was speaking in front of select committee on tuesday .
her mom beverly jones says her daughter has been left feeling humiliated .
sidwell told talksport that he is ` looking forward ' to seeing bojan in action .
he says bojan has ` looked very impressive ' during pre-season so far .
 thomas eisfield has joined fulham on a two-year deal .
the defender had a medical at aston villa after agreeing two-year deal .
 jason denayer and aleksandar tonev have joined on year-long loan deals .
 bennett passed medical at brighton ahead of complete season-long loan .
 hilario was released on free this summer after eight years at chelsea .
 chelsea have sent seven players to vitesse in 12 months .
chelsea 18-year-old spent last season in the eredivise .
blues have loaned the dutch club six players , while former owner 's claims that chelsea prevented them winning the league forced investigation .
midfielder played on loan at valencia last season .
palace boss tony pulis also hopes to sign arsenal 's campbell on loan .
 fryatt to join nottingham forest from hull when tigers ' contract expires this month .
aspas signed for liverpool last summer .
 tiago ilori signed from sporting lisbon for # 8million last summer .
 macheda has agreed a three-year deal with the championship side .
pardew is ` delighted ' with the signing and thinks he can develop on tyneside .
he made just 11 appearances last season and has been sent on loan .'
 southampton complete signing of steaua bucharest defender florin gardos .
address .
 midfielder giancarlo gallifuoco was a free agent .
west brom have now signed eight players this summer .'
 the defender was released by west brom at the end of the season .
 diego costa has been doubt after pulling up with hamstring injury .
 new version expected to include new mini smart menu .
 ian robinson was stood by the side of the road filming the action unfolding .
when a rider fell from bike it slid down road taking out more competitors .
but platini is unhappy blatter has reneged on promise not to stand for another term .
fourth-placed button expresses surprise at hamilton 's claims that he let him through .
final .
sharapova .
 leeds have lost six finals in last 14 years .
ross mccormack cost fulham # 11million this summer .
 bertie mcintosh , 16 , is the son of kate bush and guitarist david mcintosh .
21-year-old also turned designer for own ` cara delevingne collection ' .
amy turned to her grandparents to fund the # 5,000 surgery .
 100 items available for delivery ranging from allergy medicine to diapers .
 the midfielder scored twice during southampton 's 3-1 win at west ham .
morgan schneiderlin has been a target of premiership rivals tottenham .
 neil warnock has replaced tony pulis as manager of crystal palace .
emails are sent most often between people in countries with similarities .
rafa benitez has already signed michu on a season-long loan and kalidou koulibaly .
 groningen attacker tjarron chery scored twice in the opening 10 minutes .
fabregas set up costa for the equaliser in the second half .
leon osman restored premier league side 's lead before james rowe levelled late on .
 toffees draw with porto in leon osman 's testimonial .
romelu lukaku was unveiled at half-time while muhamed besic made first appearance in an everton shirt .
 the 19-year-old smashed home a penalty late on to seal sunderland 's win .
 tottenham draw 3-3 with seattle sounders during mauricio pochettino 's first game in charge .
west brom scrape to victory thanks to graham dorrans penalty .
 west brom lost 3-2 to port vale in a pre-season friendly .
the pair attended high school together in new hope , minneapolis .
flew from washington dc to london for their connecting flight to spain .
instead realized they were flying to the caribbean 25 minutes into flight .
the norland agency , which provide nannies to the rich and famous , have launched volunteer scheme to celebrate .
gigs were arranged as reward for ` good behavior ' , jail bosses say .
on wednesday , discovery cancelled the reality show .'
followed gruelling diet and fitness regime and say it 's changed her life .
mother has burns covering her body and 11-year-old son needed surgery .
they even pressed their faces up against his camera lens to get the shot .
suffolk coroner dr peter dean : ` this may well have been a tragic accident '
fans ' photographs and video uploaded to twitter and youtube this morning .
has been associated with 2010 moscow metro bombings , which killed 40 .
mr chandler had to punch him in the nose several times to subdue him .
italian club paid olympiacos $ 13million -lrb- # 10.35 m -rrb- .
they diagnosed a viral infection and prescribed alia-grace antibiotics .
angel di maria did not want to leave real madrid .
ac milan want fernando torres or fabio borini as balotelli replacement .
adrien rabiot could head to arsenal or tottenham after missing training .'
it is believed the man was trying to register his fourth child 's birth .
 blanche marvin , 89 , befriended u.s. playwright tennessee williams in 1944 .
claims he used first name for blanche dubois in a streetcar named desire .
spanish midfielder signs for the club for an undisclosed fee .
made just 28 appearances for qpr after joining in 2012 .'
same ` sticky ' bombs used in blasts in new delhi and botched georgia .
since then , he has not touched a drop of alcohol or had one cigarette .
the afp were alerted to the breach on august 27 and they have since apologised to the affected parties .'
says she mixes up her workouts to keep her body guessing .
the baby snow leopard was unresponsive when born , but is now healthy .
abbey says it reflects her personal style .
 roberto calderoli caused outrage by comparing cecile kyenge to orangutan .
detectives are now hunting anthony kenny , who is himself missing an ear .
 mark yeeles threatened girl with photograph of her in her underwear .
there are only 450 monk seals left in the wild .
 harold hamm and his wife sue ann are divorcing after 25 years of marriage .
he claims his design could be part of a ` strong wave of green energy ' .
she has been promoting her erotic book and lost her job in the process .  '
council say after a meeting with ms bunte they still had concerns about her .
she was convicted of leaking 700,000 classified documents to wikileaks .'
but a marketing map has placed iconic destinations all over the place .
 qantas has announced a $ 2.84 billion loss for the year ending june 30 .
the cubby was built without council approval .
 google testing unmanned drones in outback australia for two years .
the comments included describing treasurer joe hockey as a ` fat b ***** d' .
 matilda duncan , born with cerebral palsy , told she would never walk unaided .
on wednesday , he was sentenced to 10 months in jail after pleading guilty .'
 exhibit b , by artist brett bailey , has been branded racist by campaigners .
holidaymaker maximiliano ricci caught the action on camera .
 tony abbott confirms that australia ` has not been asked officially for military assistance ' by the us .
 tracey cox says age-gap relationships can and often do work long-term .
mark david chapman , now 59 , was denied parole for the eighth time .
 archie reed is accused of attempting to rape his former school classmate .
west ham defender has not been replaced by martin o'neill .
ireland take on oman on wednesday and georgia on sunday .
three men now charged with murder and five others remain in custody .
 former pm signed downing .
mr reynolds died aged 81 last thursday after being diagnosed with dementia .'
 welsh rugby union and four regions reach peace deal .
rory mcilroy won the pga championship earlier this month .
 jordan dunn ran on to the pitch when west ham played tottenham on august 16 at upton park .
batistuta also scored 207 goals for fiorentina during nine seasons at club .
striker previously played in the premier league for manchester city .
he insists everton can improve on the fifth place finish of last season .
spanish papers welcome luis suarez to barcelona .
the uruguayan says he has fulfilled a dream by joining the catalans .
the gunners battled to a goalless draw in the first leg on tuesday night .
 jose mourinho wants nfl-style stoppages during premier league matches .
 education secretary says hardliners are ` itching for a fight ' .
 men 's fitness magazine share their guide to broga with femail .
 five finalists in ` the body 2014 ' competition run by women 's health .
stevie hartley was hit hard by post-natal depression .
 karen price was travelling with friends on a birthday trip to new york .
rugby world cup could suffer at hands of ticket touts .
the father of virgin killer , elliot rodger , has prints of 20 artworks available .
elliot rodger , 22 , killed six people on friday in santa barbara and injured 13 others in a stabbing and shooting rampage .
 over 1,000 dortmund fans travel to merseyside for liverpool friendly .
alejandro bedoya scored the winner in the opening half .
he has already exhausted a number of treatments including chemotherapy .
 defense company pulls boy scouts donations over anti-gay policy .
at that age , etou is as many as six years older than his opponents .
 robert goold , 69 , was treated at addenbrooke 's hospital in cambridge .
 obama attended a book party in manhattan 10 years ago , before he was president .
eu issued warnings in hope of reigning in putin 's military threat to ukraine .
as the silicone is not in implant form , the substance travels in the body .
island was an attempt to profit from the success of tarzan finds a son .
 pair exchanged greetings at opening of art exhibition .
mr lebedev standing trial for ` hooliganism ' in native russia .
two female kestrels attacked each other with their talons to win top perch .
mata has confirmed his injury will not keep him out of qpr game .
alastair cook received a 20 per cent fine , while his england team-mates were handed 10 per cent penalties .
each ryder cup captain has three wildcard options .
quinlan and friends have now been given suspended prison terms .
radamel falcao joined on loan on transfer deadline day .
former italy defender used champions league trophy for own challenge .
the midfielder has joined from real madrid for # 59.7 million .
 theresa may believes asbos could be used to clamp down on extremists .
 ebola spreads to fifth nation in west africa as first case reported in senegal .
karlsen had just taken out a $ 700,000 insurance policy on his son .
he pleaded guilty to second-degree murder last year .
 the most relaxing month of the year is about to begin , say researchers .
deal-frenzied shoppers started lining up outside stores on monday .
 thousands of children write deeply personal letters to an unknown soldier .
the widow kept the heartrending letter in her handbag for the next 64 years , only for l/cpl 's daughters to discover it after their mother 's death .
chain put total ban on junk food following 10-week trial period .
 police found the massive , 120-pound snake hiding in waist-high brush .
 patrick alfred dennis comeagain 's release was ordered on thursday .
teenager to be sentenced in january to 25 years to life in prison .'
she is thought to be heading to a port in turkey where she will be scrapped - despite a fight by campaigners .
 samantha x has been named as sydney-based mother amanda goff .
 elle randall , of thornaby , north yorkshire fell pregnant while in year 9 .
bullying extended to online , with molly trolled by cyber-bullies .
decided to join a self esteem and modeling school .
 lincoln boucher was scratched by a bat at a whitsundays island resort .
it is the first time the u.s. figure skating association has passed over a skater with the credentials and placements to make the team .'
 kei nishikori defeated stanislas wawrinka 3-6 7-5 7-6 -lrb- 9/7 -rrb- 6-7 -lrb- 5/7 -rrb- 6-4 .
fdj.fr sprinter raced to second victory at this year 's vuelta a espana .
 the newcastle midfielder missed england 's 1-0 win against norway .
 the 30-year-old woman was a passenger during the crash at marsden in brisbane .
is the first lawsuit of its kind against an airline in the country .'
wife lynn warren singleton has said '' i was thinking this was very similar to garner ' .
 incident occurred about 3.15 pm thursday at a west seattle convenience store .
she tried to pull at the locked wardrobe - causing it to topple onto her .
brett and naghmeh king have been arrested and are in police custody .
 rodney charles cuthbert entered the woman 's unlocked house after a birthday party on july 6 .
she had left the party at midnight after rejecting cuthbert when he forcibly kissed her .
two gangs targeted dock worker shaun wilson to help plan shipments .
the black dog institute is developing programs with employers to help .'
he is now hunted by the british transport police who want to speak to him .'
it was released by the react channel on youtube on thursday .
 west ham complete season-long loan deal for cameroon international .
 the two-bedroom house is in launceston 's inner city suburb of invermay .
animal control officers struggled with the dog as he fought to stay with his dead owner .'
hong kong pro-democracy activists threaten ` wave after wave ' of protests .
 a 26-year-old fly-in , fly-out -lrb- fifo -rrb- workers took his life on a queensland mine site , november last year .
 the latest drive-thru opened in milton keynes on friday .
 a pilot drifted into restricted airspace in washington d.c. saturday afternoon .
mel gibson , baz luhrmann and catherine martin are also among the alumni .
his family deny calling the police although they admit there was a ` squabble ' and are now demanding answers from the cops .
commission received 70,000 documents and interviewed more than 50 witnesses .
 meet singh kapoor , 40 , was found dead in container from belgium .
he died in front of his wife and two sons alongside 32 other afghan sikhs .
she has a youtube channel called ` cup holder commentary ' .
sofia abramovich posts several family portraits to her instagram .
 lobster was pulled in by lobsterman jay laplante and daugher meghan , 14 .
gerrard inspired liverpool to european glory in 2005 against ac milan .
 west brom to dedicate premier league match to jeff astle .
 charlie sheen donated one of three sea shepherd boats seized in faroe islands .
group alleges one of its members pulled from a car and assaulted .
the 33-year-old says he does not have a point to prove to jose mourinho .
 norwich midfielder leroy fer took to the dancefloor with his newlywed wife .
chambers ' arrival may see carl jenkinson leave the emirates .
` lucas is our gift from oscar , ' said their mother lois , 29 .
three-week-old nathan developed a painful rash and suffered swollen eyes .
 ted lawson creates ultimate selfie drawn by a machine in his own blood .
council leader says that the arrangement is just ` common sense '
 annual pricewaterhousecoopers survey compares 30 global cities .
inspired by dewalt , who make his favourite brand of power tools .
convinced wife kelly williams , 27 , to have themed wedding .
she drew line at a yellow and black wedding dress and wore white instead .'
the fans were heading to new zealand to watch newcastle on tour .
balotelli endured a difficult spell in italy with ac milan .
was arrested in january 2013 by detectives from operation yewtree .
the 60-year-old is favourite to win the reality tv show .
juventus remain interested in signing monaco 's radamel falcao .
 mark bustos is a 30-year-old hairstylist in manhattan .
 the coat is part of a new collection aimed at girls aged four to 12 .
 alanna weighed more than 50 % more than a normal cat should weigh .
chris brown was hosting the private party for his album release when bullets rang out , striking three people .'
but the 19-year-old australian was almost forfeited from the match .
he was hit with three code violations due to emotional outbursts .
but singer posted video on facebook proving he was in studio .
dash cam footage shows loboda getting out of his patrol vehicle to .
residents in the area have made a dance video to show that life goes on .
includes four regular bloody marys and 14 other garnishes .
 juventus have asked manchester united if javier hernandez is available .
lotto winner to share winnings with his best friend to ` see him right ' .
but the painter and decorator was turned away by the grapes pub .
while a senior at mercyhurst college , vaisey wrote her honors psychology thesis on how watching pornography changed perceptions about rape .
mr ryan says he is moving due to his growing media commitments .
depay impressed with a string of excellent performances at the world cup .'
but muller added a second just four minutes later .
gordon strachan praised his players ' performance .
marco reus has backed the scots to qualify from the group .
kevin pietersen was the only englishman in this year 's t20 tournament .
hundreds of protesters gathered to voice concerns on education .
 pro-russian and pro-ukraine rallies come to blows in sevastopol .
 steve ballmer made his fortune as the ceo of technology giant microsoft .
 ronaldo hits back at suggestions he criticised the club 's transfer policy .
 ` we do n't want to sell him ' says pellegrini .
mammadov was due to buy sheffield wednesday for # 40million .
 danny welbeck signs for arsenal for a fee of # 16million .
arsene wenger does not sign anyone else other than welbeck .
 paul pogba was spotted watching psg 's game with st etienne in paris .
assaidi joins on a one-year loan deal for # 1million .'
scott parker only regular from last season who is starting .
 ba will not resume its flights to freetown and monrovia until 31 august .
 rory mcilroy carded brilliant seven-under 64 in boston .
her husband has revealed he has settled out of court with network rail .
network .
death .'
` some will top $ 100,000 ' says nus president deanna taylor .
 the one-bedroom detached house in ipswich is on the market for # 120,000 .
 isabelle roberts took on the ice bucket challenge after birthday party .
she later discovered she dislocated her jaw by screaming so strongly .
 sandra has been looking for her birth mother since she was 15 .
he was accused of being more scared of his father than the prime minister .
she feared the gang were about to attack her blind husband , andrew , 50 .
average home in west london borough more than 30 times average wage .
he the proton therapy treatment when he was four against nhs advice .
british doctors said clinics were ` only after your money ' , she claims .
pressure is mounting on pm to take part in charity challenge .'
they have now grown a 9ft sunflower in their grandfather 's back garden .
well wishers are lighting candles and posting the images on facebook page .
diagnosed with depression , emma amassed a debt of # 40,000 .
pm says 60 australians are fighting with terrorist groups and ` are supported by at least 100 more '
staff say she has a ` heart of gold ' and is a ` gentle giant '
but edf did not have appropriate procedures in place to handle the influx .
 nationalists preparing to form ` mcmi5 ' after referendum in 2014 .
uk home secretary warns scotland could not expect to share intelligence .
sportsmail reveals all you need about argentina 's shoot-out hero .
romero was impressive for argentina during the world cup in brazil .
plastic surgeon told him he needed to surgery to remove a dangerous ` rodent ulcer ' cancer from his nose .
 dale wynne , 55 , was doing up the car for his partner gillian birthwright , 45 .
he jumped into river tyne from newcastle quayside as friends filmed stunt .
cars were made in 2011 and 2012 in firm 's factories in slovakia and korea .
 three million people in the path of possible tornadoes .
us team 's clothes have been designed by ralph lauren .
ryan had served as president and ceo of politico since its inception in 2007 and was chief of staff to president ronald reagan .'
 claims of a ` systemic lack of security ' in traffic light system .
were able to control signals for 100 lights using a standard laptop .
another mother posted information about the incident on facebook .
 ` some of them could be here to do .
mr smith is now selling the property and it is expected to fetch $ 50 million .'
 olli rehn insists countries joining the eu must have own central bank .
sophie gamand captures the action for latest series , dog pageant .'
doctors told the now 21-year-old her best chance was to amputate her leg .
 ismail gunduz was playing for amateur club sk rum .
new poll today puts mr carswell on 56 % , 32 points ahead of the tories .
 sylvia pritchard died after she suffered head injury while holidaying in turkey .
they say their children marcus , two , and lilly , seven months , are suffering .
the girl 's mother was on the back of her bike without a helmet and died the following day from injuries .
 baby was named on tuesday at taronga zoo in sydney 's north .
the state 's local government minister says why not ` let kids just be kids '
he said he has been overwhelmed by support from strangers and friends .'
in august a gruesome photograph of a young boy believed to be sharrouf 's son , ms nettleton 's grandson , emerged .
bill passes 36 votes to 33 .
cardiff blues released a statement about the status of williams .
gatlin benefitted from an injury interrupted season for usain bolt .
the hollywood star will wed at his # 25 million lake como holiday home .
darren fletcher remains optimistic they will reach the tournament .
 ben arfa sealed a season-long loan to hull on monday .
arsenal forward came on as a substitute in germany 's win over scotland .
but miranda thinks they can continue to challenge in all competitions .'
 lbc host asked the london mayor to do the honours with two buckets .
mr johnson , fearing a nomination , asked ` do you want both buckets ? '
income support bonus remains in place until 2017 .
colombia international had been a summer target for manchester united .
 luis suarez joined barcelona from liverpool in july .
rory mcilroy was in contention but faded with poor final round .
 marcelo lippi charged onto the sydney pitch before the final whistle .
 robbie brady crossed for kevin doyle to head in the opener on 20 minutes .
alex pearce added a second after 81 minutes from a corner .
event will pass one million participants on sunday .'
 lee once ranked fifth in the world but is now unemployed and on benefits .
court told lee is struggling with personal and professional problems .'
williams have taken up option on bottas who has impressed this year .
 radamel falcao completed a deadline-day # 6m loan to manchester united .
danny welbeck second most-talked about and javier hernandez was third .
the eastern grey male had been hit by a car outside melbourne airport .
 commons speaker will make statement in the chamber tomorrow .
cameroon international not picked in tottenham 's premier league squad .
 tottenham were knocked out in the last 16 of the competition last season .
employee had ` flipped ' after a colleague stole his car keys and fifa game .
 streaming box will go on sale on october 23 and will cost # 79 .
ended up starting online cat furniture shop catostophicreations on etsy .
alongside the dead , 23 people were said to be injured , 13 of them seriously .
both the unnamed mother and the baby are believed to be in good health .
 jill .
 192 .
he dumped ms parkinson 's body in a ditch before moving her remains .
it has been brought to the jack barclay showroom in mayfair to be sold .
that is part of the deal , although it is now used as storage space .
radamel falcao signs for manchester united in # 12m season-long loan .
 england captain kevin sinfeld announced international retirement .
alvarez joined the club on a season-long loan from inter on deadline day .
there are now 31 points between sykes and guintoli at the top of the pack .
there are four races remaining for guintoli to make up the gap .
 the 7-inch mytablet costs # 99.99 and will be on sale from 16 october .
remy wants to kick on after # 10.5 m deal from qpr .
luke shaw , radamel falcao , marcos rojo could make debuts .
roger federer is in action against tommy robredo .
 curtis landers was injured in a tackle in a game in port macquarie , nsw .
 construction of the space launch system has already begun .
will be able to carry 130 tonnes into space .
he earns # 232,000 a year - # 90,000 more than david cameron .
sir bradley wiggins will not be representing team sky at this year 's event .
later said his comments were taken ` out of context '
 investment manager les halpin , 55 , calls for drug laws to be reformed .
owners .
three of the victims shot in the head with the same 7.65 mm handgun used for each killing .
 home secretary theresa may advising cameron to withdraw from european convention on human rights , government sources say .
 the pair confirmed to join whoopi goldberg and rosie o'donnell on abc daytime show on september 15 .
for the last year prices have been rising fastest for those buying first home .
 the chief of police in the scandal-hit resort was held by the civil guard .
he and two other officers are now being held amid corruption claims .
 2011 world champion mark cavendish asked not to be chosen for the squad .
suggest that water flows in concentrated ` rivers ' beneath ice sheets .
 scientists are seeking funding for novel proposal to find life on mars .
life detection equipment would then search for living organisms .'
 alice gross left her home in hanwell , west london on thursday last week .
footage taken by passer-by who watched man be arrested by three officers .
derbyshire constabulary said an internal investigation had been launched .'
 spencer the boxer-cross was bound and dumped in a park in norwich .
 prime minister jokes about what to do with bercow 's nomination for job .
 leading headmistress alice phillips warned extra training is not enough .
cousar , who is from new jersey , has been charged with child abuse .
he has been ranting on social media about the state 's tough new bikie laws .
his mother emma says the research was a ` miracle ' for her son .
 queensland 's peregian springs state school banned handstands .
the 50-year-old 's architect 's death was originally treated as ` unexplained ' .
nearly 40,000 people were forced to evacuate their homes and a devastating landslide killed 11 coal miners on monday .
roads turned to rivers as cars were washed away and pedestrians waded in knee-deep rainwater with family on backs .
incredible images of lightning storm striking buildings were captured yesterday by photographer in kunshan , jiangsu .
passengers tried to move car after it suddenly veered off nearby road .
outside the capital drivers pay up to # 70 for a fine but in london cost if # 130 .
cristiano ronaldo set to return after two-week rest .
made statement alongside footage of prisoners being shot while on the floor .
double-amputee runner shot girlfriend reeva steenkamp in february 2013 .
double-amputee runner shot girlfriend reeva steenkamp last february .
 pistorius has been ordered to undergo evaluation for mental illness .
 research finds oaps are being denied help by carers or family and friends .
 gloria smith drank from the container thinking it was water .
 eva minczuk , 29 , from essex , who weighed 14st 7lb , was mortified .
magazine .
obama says he brought 30,000 home from afghanistan - but he has doubled troops there .
the golden nugget reopened just 90 minutes after governor chris christie rescinded order that closed casinos .
it pictured a girl posing with her legs up on a chair with .
 junior saleem oakes , 28 , stabbed former girlfriend after discovering she 'd had an abortion of their fourth child .
 report predicts white people from abroad will grow fastest as a group .
 aftar khan was repeatedly arrested and bailed before being jailed .
his party condemned transport minister simon burn 's car use and told him to ` get out of his limo ' .
he made the comments in a frank interview with radio times .
the government would not say why it sought the records , from april and may 2012 .
david cameron welcomed the inquiry as the case ` still shocks the nation '
mr harper said claims were ` ridiculous ' and he ` should leave ' the country .
lepore and smiles first met on vine and had their first date in new york city in early august 2013 .
believed alexander is doing so to further his ambition of party leadership .
health campaigners said the money should have been spent on operations .
changes mean queen , 87 , will have a gruelling week of engagements .
 zach price , 20 , was arrested twice yesterday for allegedly assaulting his roommate and a woman .
 one of nigel evans 's accusers 's father was a gangster .
was working with the notorious sinaloa cartel to transport the drugs .
ed miliband is branded as ` wet , sexless and thick ' according to the poll .
an adult female deer fell onto the car and through the windshield .
but he does n't believe it 'll be as bad as last year .
event moved to the irish embassy in london instead of speaker 's house .
 popular teacher allegedly hit the student at st cyres school in penarth .
knocked unconscious when he tried to protect girlfriend in the crowd .
 jed coates , 18 , was fatally shot in his upper chest before 11pm on wednesday night .
the man was at nox nightclub in western sydney 's liverpool , which was hosting an event for the fijian indian community .
` highest biggest catch ' also dropped over health and safety concerns .
decision taken over concerns dogs could strain or injure themselves .
 education secretary michael gove to set out new rules for england .
 the annual music festival , which debuted in 1992 , wo n't be returning in 2015 .
 jessica watson embarked on a solo unassisted seven-month journey in 2009 and sailed the world at the age of 16 .
the teen adventurer from gold coast , queensland , sailed back into sydney harbour in may , 2010 .
wild weather on friday caused a road accident and killed three men in broadwater , southwest of victoria .'
 benefits street star ` white dee ' seen throwing a bucket of ice on man .
 soldier the cat was pulled from blaze in columbia , south carolina last week .
rescuers spent several minutes performing cpr and giving him oxygen .
mr ionescu proved both claims were untrue and has now received apology .
 jarek sawickio , 25 , had nodded off in the street in myslowice , poland .
 singer songwriter arrested and questioned by police over allegations .
 man named locally as ikram elahi died after being shot once in sparkbrook .
family members discovered the baby 's body and tried to resuscitate her but she was pronounced dead at the scene .
he appointed new defence minister and military chief to combat corruption .
 ronnie and donnie galyon hope to become the world 's oldest conjoined twins in october , when they turn 63 .
the latest data from bureau of labor statistics show ground beef was up 16 % , thanks to a shrinking u.s. cattle herd and tomatoes soared 12 % .'
mauricio pochettino praises stadium mk after visiting last month .
senegal forward signed from red bull salzburg .
 different aged groups took simulated test before and after a drink .
 croydon-based whitgift beat sedbergh 24-22 in the daily mail trophy .
ferry made the remarks about deng while pursuing him as a free agent .
 storm on saturn 's north pole rages with winds of 200mph .
 alan pardew knows he is under pressure as newcastle united manager .
 astronomers are being forced to rewrite their theories of planet formation .
fears they could lack immunity to common diseases .'
 sunderland join race to sign french striker bafetimbi gomis .
sunderland have already signed jordi gomez and billy jones this summer .'
derby pegged back to a 1-1 draw with ipswich after chris martin 's opener .
atletico are set to lose diego costa , tiago mendes and possibly felipe luis to chelsea .
nocerino spent a four-month loan spell with hammers last season .'
23-year-old has been racing at the back of the grid all season with marussia .
 the amercan admits he will never regain form that saw him dominate golf .
grant gilchrist did well in his first game as captain .
liverpool 's jon flanagan , on the england standby list , joins them golfing .
 shaw is close to # 27m manchester united transfer .
sergio aguero stepped up his recovery from a thigh problem .
 ultimo 's real women campaign features 15 non models .
 gardening expert unveils free service in london for holidaymakers .
 the crew space transportation -lrb- cst-100 -rrb- is designed to fly into orbit .
bosses admit they brought it in to pay for investment in stores .
 passengers will be super-connected during their stay on the royal caribbean international ship .
the most expensive property was a five-bedroom house in camberwell that sold for $ 3.28 million .
meanwhile , her ex-boyfriend raffaele sollecito was sentenced to 25 years .
 dani alves has reached 300 games for brcelona .
travers wrote a short story about her in 1941 but only gave it to her friends .
substitutes have scored four of holland 's goals .
 london-based snoozebox has signed on to provide the hotel in saransk .
 cheerleader dani cogswell was found dead in her apartment monday morning .
 women.com is a new question and answers-based social network .
mr shelbrooke said : ` boris 's behaviour improved when i had him castrated '
 poland racer michal kwiatkowski won stage four of the tour of britain .
the forward is the only player to have scored for west brom in the premier league so far this season .'
lescott will play a friendly against hull under 21s to assess his fitness .'
 england beat india by 41 runs on friday at headingley .
 joe root scored magnificent 113 to give england total of 294-7 .
jos buttler also helped england to total with quick-fire 49 at headingley .
 frank lampard concerned about future of england youngsters .
gary cahill realises there will be no dramatic transformation in support .
as ryanair flight lands on party island , crowd erupts into cheers .
it is on an 18-month mission aboard the international space station .
 the service is called tickr and will ask users to upload 20-second clips .
the alleged payments range from $ 2.15 to $ 3.98 over a five year period .
the court action comes after the fair work ombudsman inspected centres .'
most complete collection of pin-ups ever put together .
it is the second year that non-residents paid to take part , after town began charging to pay off debts of over # 4m .
 ben lashes is a hollywood agent who has grumpy cat on his books .
indigo said the plane had made a ` normal landing '
comes as guinness prepared to launch a new , blonde beer in the u.s.'
 utpal kanbia proposed by writing ` will you marry me ? '
hutchence was found dead in his sydney hotel room in november 1997 .
 the parents-to-be have nicknamed baby , according to us weekly .
somerset batsman called secret world wildlife rescue .
 clayton lockett 's disastrous execution blamed on poorly managed iv line .
but there are 1.08 million fewer people in work in the other 27 eu nations .
houses in cambridge sell quickest - on average in just 27 days .
patient is injected with amphinex then it is ` activated ' using a laser .
the tri-level property was initially listed for $ 5.95 million .
in 2011 , harris bought the five-bedroom house for $ 4.9 million .
years .
they have one child , daughter xi mingze , who goes to harvard .
it was two weeks later that the girl was taken out of his care .
he has been released twice before after stabbing damilola in the neck with a broken bottle in 2000 .
his father tony mccluskie senior left when detailed description was given .
 saif-al islam gaddafi went on trial in the western town of zintan .
 robert menendez possibly set up in dominican republic prostitute scandal .
articles with the aim of making the articles free to the public .
later wrote to lydia becker , secretary of the national society of women 's suffrage , with papers discussed at a science forum .
she says the meth being cooked uses real methylamine .
 the duchess , 31 , turned up at the event in an off-the-peg temperley dress .
appeared in her role as patron for the charity which provides support for promising young athletes .'
 john bickley tipped for second place in wythenshaw and sale by-election .
sport .
sport .
 council official discovered the men living in a toilet in north-west london .
the woman remained trapped in her watery tomb for 60 hours .
he said people who can not understand the system are being punished .
david cameron drawn into the row , but ` it was for the council to sort out ' .
 ex-ukip candidate john white sent racist diatribe to tory mp peter luff .
 osironke olugbile was struck off by the nursing and midwifery council .
journalists are among 20 defendants accused of being terrorists .
mad dog casting claim they were negotiating with star wars producers .
the dog continued to display aggression in the days after the attack .
he has reportedly signed a deal with channel ten and european networks to commentate on the swimming at the commonwealth games in scotland in july .
dismisses winston churchill as having ` septic ' vanity in one 1915 diary entry .
 calista dixon was killed as two rare dual tornadoes barreled through pilger , nebraska on monday afternoon .
 baby wombat 's mother was killed by a car so he lives with his zookeeper .
he captured them frolicking in the water at ragunan zoo , south jakarta .
former art student claimed his family members were ` plotting to kill him ' .
it is believed the parents kept him in the cage to protect themselves and their two younger children .
 anna rogers murphy wants restitution after her march 2013 nuptials in charleston , south carolina were ruined .
huge solar panel would float in space .
 rover 's process for shutting down for the lunar night has malfunctioned .
 stoke eyeing a move for livorno striker paulinho .
 jackson martinez would agree to sign for ` childhood club ' arsenal .
 ryan giggs told to stop manchester united youngsters from leaving .
wozniacki recently split from fiance rory mcilroy .'
belgium begin their world cup campaign against algeria on tuesday .'
 chikungunya 's symptoms include fever , headaches and joint pain .
 the invisible woman will detail author 's affair with actress ellen ternan .
zidane currently in charge of real madrid reserves .
japan captain rejoined borussia dortmund this summer .
nathaniel chalobah is currently on loan at newly-promoted burnley .
defra asks beekeepers to report sightings of the invasive hornet .'
 the premium range of cr7 footwear will be available in february .
 saeed ajmal has been banned by the icc for an indefinite period .
mignolet believes liverpool must ` make sure ' they score on tuesday .
 badstuber needs an operation on a thigh injury picked up in bayern 's 2-0 win over stuttgart .
former world no 1 mauresmo helped marion bartoli to wimbledon victory .
he was buried with a bear fang on his face , which signified strength .
arrows , tools , a cauldron , fur and leather was also found in the grave .
it fixes to a bike 's handlebars and holds an aerodynamic umbrella .
england lost to minnows usa in same city in 1950 .
fury won the original fight , which took place back in 2011 , on points .'
 pires has joined the indian super league which kicks off in october .
 lingerie company nubian skin has designed nude bras for women of colour .
he is married to ` the girl of my dreams ' , christy , and they have three children .
was talking about people in the army who had legal difficulties at home .
tenants nancy styler and her husband william styler iii were arrested for the murder .
charges were later dropped for mrs styler when her husband confessed to the crime .
 the classic stars-and-stripes harley-davidson is up for auction next month .
search by gendarmes in plounevez - lochrist , northwest brittany fruitless .
 many pubs have applied for late licences to keep serving alcohol throughout the count .
even with a no vote , cameron under fire over more powers to scotland .'
 jonas gutierrez , 31 , was diagnosed with testicular cancer last year .
the midfielder has spoken of his battle with the disease for the first time .
an inquest in bradford heard mr hinchliffe had intentionally taken his life .
birmingham police are now hunting the opportunistic would-be thief .'
expect standard of care to fall in an independent scotland .
 sam allardyce 's number two was being considered for the job .
he has started all four of the swans ' premier league games this season .
england hooker missed the tour to new zealand to care for his wife .
wore paisley diane von furstenburg dress .
the property , built by giorgi exclusive homes , was reportedly bought for $ 2.49 million in 2010 .
` bianka was everything to me ' and jude ` changed everything , ' he said .
the psychologists think it 's a myth that being bilingual makes you smarter .
lightning bolt struck the plane and continued to the ground .
scientists have discovered ` cauldrons ' that are 30 to 50 feet deep .
ashya now being given proton beam therapy in prague after family fled uk .
he was being transported by police for boating while intoxicated when the incident happened .
 the man gets on the tram in carlton and stop at melbourne central .
russell 's brother-in-law dzhokhar , 20 , is awaiting trial ; his sisters have visited him in jail .
in canada , where study was carried out , 50 % of injuries that kill and disable young people are caused by brain trauma .
 new claims made in police documents filed in supreme court .
twins ' bodies ` were found by younger siblings ' at the home .
but he was left in fit of giggles after host susanna reid asked him question .
one diner said : ` it 's disturbing that food establishments are not informing us ' .
he founded disaster relief charity which has duchess of cornwall as patron .
year-12-student says pope francis is in tune with his generation .
the 50,000 sq ft regency terrace in north london has planning permission .
 statistics reveal horses kill more australians than any other animal .
the money will pay to move phevos to a special enclosure in california .'
pep guardiola hails alonso 's ` eye for short and long passes ' .
brown is now ready for the first 90 minutes since his pre-season injury .
 albino monocled cobra has been captured in backyard in california .
reptile escaped from captivity on monday before attacking a pet dog .'
kei nishikori defeated novak djokovic in other semi-final .
fast bowler took over 300 first class wickets at an average of 22 .
hamilton finished third , one place ahead of his mercedes team-mate .'
 the victoria cross had been used for ` inspiration ' on the new jerseys .
the match was the first premiership game on newcastle 's new artificial pitch .
 trent warrington set to leave warrington and retire at end of the season .
 bradford sign ` the lumberjack ' karl davies ahead of 2015 championship .
bradford bulls were relegated from super league this season .
 castleford 's win means the league leaders shield battle goes down to the final day .
 mcilroy was -1 after thursday 's first round at the fedex cup .
 the italian jockey bounced back from ride on arc favourite treve .
team sky 's chris froome finished second .
lynsey sharp finishes ethiopia 's tigist assefa in women 's 800m final .
alex dowsett part of breakaway that built a lead of nine minutes .
jamie ward levelled for derby in the ninth minute .
 aston villa are second in the premier league behind chelsea .
 didier drogba missed saturday 's 4-2 win against swansea because of an ankle injury .
optimism is returning to both ac milan and inter milan after goal-fest .
the side will play either lithuania or new zealand in the quarter finals .
ea sport crunch the numbers to reveal the player performance index chart .
 joe flacco threw two touchdown passes for owen daniels as baltimore ravens beat pittsburgh steelers 26-6 .
newcastle defender 's mistake gifted czech 's a late winner .
bird 's population is declining faster than the dodo did before its extinction .
ravens look to move on after releasing running back ray rice .'
 england beat switzerland 2-0 in basel .
faces russian ekaterina makarova in the semi-final on friday .
lipsky got up-and-down for par to win as storm bogeyed the hole .'
 ea sports announce fifa 2015 player ratings .
manchester dominates this stage of the countdown with four players .
 liverpool could be the making of mario balotelli , insists steven gerrard .
buxton was on debut for the aa new britain who beat bowie baysox 8-5 .
he appeared in brisbane magistrates court and was remanded in custody .
it comes just hours after sue taber , 59 , found stowaway hidden in her car .
the gulch was constructed with 26 different types of timber sourced from the whitsunday islands over many years .
pye was extricated in about 35 minutes - but he was pronounced dead at the scene .
the chelsea star was watching borussia monchengladbach v villareal .
 k.d.
police confirm a man remains in custody today .'
they had a threesome , but mr chaney and daniela miller continued relations .
mr chaney was cooking burgers for the millers when brawl kicked off .
had brought up meat for them to taste , which mr miller threw in the bath .
 michael and debra mandelbaum were married in december 1993 , but the marriage license was n't issued until after their ceremony .
 for two weeks every june , synchronous fireflies in the smoky mountains perform an incredible light show .
creatures do this by using light-reflecting chromatophores in their skin .
mansion seized by u.s. government and later rented out to eddie murphy .
the home in sydney 's south has been listed for more than $ 4 million .
it ploughed into another car that was turning into its driveway .
 ryan giggs will prepare the team on leicester players and tactics .
 andrew britton developed myocarditis while on honeymoon in maldives .
 # 2million of compensation has been paid out to manjit bhamra 's patients at rotherham hospital .
 perdy wandered into a johannesburg restaurant and looked in the bins .
 russel wilson led seattle seahawks to 43-8 victory in super bowl xlviii .
winger announced his return to crystal palace with a goal off the bench .
 ac milan 's berlusconi already looking at replacements for mario balotelli .
isis are well-documented for carrying out their own mass executions .
 map is a combination of 30 drawings created by students from michigan .
husband and army major david whitelegg was arrested and charged with her murder .
 linda noad helped her husband launder # 665,000 from their son 's scam .
 rickie fowler , 25 , showed off his new haircut during golf practice today .
 paige chivers vanished in suspicious circumstances in august 2007 .
 the arizona man , who has not been named , died thursday morning .
but one of his victims , an ivy league graduate , ` recorded him confessing ' .
 new wave of celebrity nude photos have been leaked on 4chan and reddit .
ft apartments have a kitchen , bedroom and hidden storage but no stove .
the mother of two was left brain dead after being hit by a cyclist in central park last thursday .
student was taken to hospital by her friends , but she died .
from kent has spent # 10,000 on looking like beelzebub .
lesley berry , 27 , developed dystonia and recovered with jabs .
marie stewart 's body was not found for several weeks .
oliver , 10 , kate , 8 , and lily , 2 , were taken to hospital with injuries .'
 johannes and daniel schrieber built a 1,100 lb contraption themselves .
miranda kerr and rosie huntington-whiteley fans of daily meditation .'
 sky sports to run football league trailer featuring just one black fan .
liverpool snapped up raheem sterling for # 400,000 .'
the spaniard lost his place to diego lopez under jose mourinho 's management .
 nico rosberg is currently battling with lewis hamilton for the title .
he also stole a charity collection box from a supermarket .'
 harry hankinson , 64 , ` became a kleptomaniac ' after falling out of a window .
hazard has been impressed by costa and new signing fabregas .
marc albrighton could make leicester city debut at chelsea .
was tracked down to tampa hotel with swat team surrounding building .
the boxer is said to be conscious and in a stable condition in hospital .
bbc received 800 complaints and ofcom had 13 , but will not investigate .
73-year-old had waited more than five hours for ambulance the day before .
 mark hawksby recognised viorel dinu from gypsies on benefits and proud .
villa 's parents are asking students to come forward with details as to what happened during the ` barbaric hazing ritual '
two firefighters remain in hospital while others have been released .
new customers will get access to over 40 channels in entertainment pack .
the taipan and death adder had their venom glands removed .
 facebook has released a report on the most popular teams in america by county .
when they began planning wedding , hannah convinced him to join slimming world .
this is a problem in the uk '
 gloria foster was left dying for nine days when care agency closed down .
 the mother koala was carrying her baby on her back as she climbed across a shed .
 gloucestershire family targeted vulnerable men and kept them as slaves .
have now been ordered to repay # 2m or face up to six years ' imprisonment .
former spokesman says gay people will strengthen institution of marriage .
but all walked free from teesside crown court yesterday .
 the albino monocled cobra was captured in thousand oaks , california after four days on the move .
the oscar winner also said hacking was ` infantile ' , ` offensive ' and ` insulting '
the 47-year-old now .
 first identified australian victims have arrived home in melbourne .
it passed through cuban airspace before reaching the caribbean and crashing in the water off jamaica on friday afternoon .
he has since decided not to act until after the mid-term elections in november .
 regan mizuguchi was taking selfies on the ocean floor in hawaii .
schapelle 's parole requires for her to stay in bali until 2017 .
former cabinet minister was axed as environment secretary last month .
 michael sam , 24 , became the first openly-gay football player to be drafted to the nfl on saturday - and shared a kiss with his boyfriend to celebrate .
the chapter 's president had apologized for their ` terrible error in judgment '
walsh contends the videos are the reason why the offer was withdrawn .
her body was found at her home in edmonton , north london .
 darko milanic has been named new manager of championship club leeds .
slovenian not worried about sack despite massimo cellino 's reputation .
the former manchester united manager will be at gleneagles this week .
 arsenal striker danny welbeck scored his first goal for his new club against aston villa on saturday .
world number one has won four majors in his career .
paul mcginley hints that they wo n't be paired with each other this time .
bookmaker has supported racing 's oldest classic for 10 years .
the revelations come as ms gillard 's memoir , my story , is published .
has amassed more than 6,000 followers on instagram thanks to her work .'
she suffered 29 cardiac arrests in 24 hours with doctors reviving her .
 emily herx , 34 , claims she was fired from her position as a teacher at the st vincent de paul school for undergoing ivf .
36 tourists refuse to fly after he was later allowed back on board the plane .'
in edinburgh 's west end , it charged four times more than nearby hotels .
british airways flights also affected by the four-hour work stoppage .
his extraordinary quest began in punta arenas , chile .
arrived at baggage reclaim at 1am and were stranded there until 4am .'
 jill bowers created her think dog !
three were arrested and dragged away from the new york city protest .
 sebastian aguiar is seven-years-old and weighs almost 70kg .
staff told 25-year-old she was ` disturbing the other customers ' in pub .
 french app company acetelecom promoted voice-changing service to kids .
 man , named as warren free , was found in spalding , lincolnshire .
 bamford will spend the season on loan at middlesbrough .
 benfica have bid for arsenal striker joel campbell .
cousins wingwalked on two of their grandfather 's vintage biplanes .
enclave is home to footballers including chelsea defender john terry .
 waterspout developed on a small lake in eckwarderhorne , germany .
 two suspects aged 40 and 32 told they will face ` no further action ' .
four raiders burst into ian wright 's home on june 18 while he was in brazil .
 cctv showed nicholas salvador eating in cafe in edmonton , north london .
he walked out without paying then returned to settle the bill with staff .
cries were traced to a garden shed in lewisham where cat was discovered .
 moira salmond was behind the plot to unfurl flag behind pm at wimbledon .
 the hundred-foot journey was partially shot at la durantie in france .
comes after the 10-month-old was found unresponsive last friday .
 charity commission confirms it is liaising with al manar centre in cardiff .
police do n't believe the male friend is a suspect in her disappearance .
now manager of a rehab centre , he has been clean for three years .'
the hertfordshire teen had recently been signed to stevenage fc .
it follows up to 1,200 deaths in the mid staffordshire hospital scandal .
 british car-maker ` captures the essence ' of its supercars in a bottle .
only 999 of the # 3,000 crystal bottle will be sold .
thieves struck in two late-night raids on dunham massey in cheshire .
he said he was only ` moderately ' afraid and jumped twice more that day .
guests get a chauffeur , butler and personal trainer .
kakadu : 15 coalition forces are in australia until september 12 ; eight warships , 26 aircraft .
 amy cowles , 30 , from abbey hulton , staffs took up the hobby five years ago .
the pair greeted crowds that had gathered to catch a glimpse of them .'
he is now living with an adopted family of monkeys at a wildlife sanctuary .
she 's never met or spoken to james budd , 48 , but accepted his proposal .
was pictured clambering up the face of a cliff on the beach with a friend .
onlookers spoke of their shock seeing the 29-year-old ` tombstoning ' .
comes as the lib dems launch their pre-manifesto for next year 's election .
it 's believed the pool was too murky for anyone to have spotted him .
 team used video of the meteor to calculate its trajectory .
 three killed in crash in mansfield woodhouse , nottinghamshire .
when shots crossed border , south korean military responded by firing back 300 rounds and scrambling f-15 jets .
martinez signed for porto for # 6.5 m in 2012 from mexican side chiapas .
27-year-old pacy forward can play as a winger or striker .
1 gave amateurs the chance to capture everyday life .
 lucy and jorge orta 's ` cloud : meteoros ' was unveiled today and represents two worlds -- ` reality and the imagined '
 royal surgeon-gynaecologist alan farthing , 51 , will supervise the pregnancy .
 puss caterpillars are prevalent this time of year in florida .
the florida-based company is fighting declining sales .'
the fire phone has failed to be a big seller for amazon .
she says the defendants failed to pay her minimum wage and overtime for her work .
 michael cull , 66 , has been living in agony for a decade with condition .
customers must upgrade to a 4gee plan to qualify .
mr gruener works at modisa wildlife project which conserves big cat habitat .'
it involved 400 police , 23 search warrants and 98,000 intercepted calls .
` i 've been waiting for you to come back , ' said the facebook message .
jones was quickly rescued , but coleman was pulled under by the current .
man , from byron bay , was bitten on his right leg at clarkes beach .
now the council drop the case as the family have moved to america .'
he was caught by gun-wielding homeowner joseph cihak , 31 , at 4.30 am .
comedienne retaliated to hills ' grieving tweets about rivers .
ship has a 25ft high mast , a cannon , a captain 's cabin and rigging .
mr nudy , of pennsylvania in america , calls online shop ` babes not included ' .
mother suffered pre-eclampsic fit and gave birth three hours after 999 call .
 the wine race is an annual tradition at the carnival in pewsey , wiltshire .
the attacker , who can not be named , received just three months probation .
 hannah bennett , 35 , of bovington , dorset , caught on cctv abusing her dog .
 explorers repelled 1200 foot crater of marum volcano in vanuatu .
on a gopro camera , they filmed violent lava eruptions from within volcano .
but ` no further action ' was taken by the civil aviation authority .
ms fallen , 25 , allegedly said it was a lesson for children on ` how to survive ' .
 the ohio state marching band performed a tribute to tv during their team 's sept. 6 football game .
he terminated his manchester united contract , which expired next summer .
 prince harry visited maritime inn in brixham with a group of 14 friends .
when a friend said the group loved the pub landlady joked ` you can have it ' .
harry then asked ` how much ? '
 security guards used ` substantial force ' on the woman .
average price of dressing baby for first year now # 9,000 .
 queen 's granddaughter watched men 's final of us open .
it 's the first trelleborg fortress to be found in 60 years .
mimi only took up running at age of 36 as recovering anorexic .
 officers were sent to the m6 toll motorway and stopped man at 50mph .
later wrote : envy is a sin , honesty covers it .
 may myat noe , 18 , was dethroned for ` lying ' to pageant managers .
after a week couple found 11 rats and droppings all over property .
replicate it .
 mark suben admitted to shocking past days after winning his second campaign while denying the then allegations .
 diners left in a flap after nando 's branch in wimbledon runs out of poultry .
michelle obama 's let 's move program is now in its fourth year .
inquest heard the two drove off and she followed him but did not return .
 the terrier injured her front legs after a leap from a six-foot-high porch .
 south australian police confirmed selwyn warren was located on tuesday .
the 12-year-old was forced to write lines before being sent home .
 li huang , 31 , and his fianc\xc3\xa9e gao yu , 29 , were weeks away from marrying .
fled to spain where they were held in police custody for 72 hours .
crews were at the scene after the truck had rolled and driven off a bridge .
he made more than # 33,000 selling the fakes to collectors and enthusiasts .
burnett , of tadcaster , north yorkshire , has been jailed for three years .
tide of celebrity sex offenders jailed thought to be helping conviction rate .
 a e housman 's epitaph on an army of mercenaries was published in 1917 .
hollywood reporter roger asquith was invited to visit by a friend .
they are part of the nsw government 's plan to sell off public housing .
fugitive was released from prison but went on the run to cyprus .
but rail staff refused to help and let other passengers tend to the pensioner .
over five years , this is # 43 a year - but savings on bills could only be # 26 .
more than half admitted to have failing to get their pill prescription on time .
the unfortunate image appears on a range of curtains and cushions .
molina will undergo psychiatric care for 180 days before being reevaluated .
more are going to university , but this is not reflected in improved basic skills .
hoggle was last seen by her husband at a restaurant before walking out .'
 former pm has announced a rapid timetable to give scotland more powers .
the schoolboy , 13 , from arnhem , holland had his beloved pet stuffed .
she has a latex allergy which forced her to be housebound in ascot vale .
angel di maria is not a natural fit in van gaal 's preferred system .
 meghan umphres leatherman , from arizona , u.s. , trained whilst pregnant .
says it was designed to exonerate council of any wrongdoing .
he joked that ` some of us have american families ' as he held up the boy .
his mother , caroline , said early intervention was essential for mental health .
 earl ringo jr executed by lethal injection in the early hours of this morning .
one of the suspects was caught on camera appearing to take a selfie .
the club said they would be contesting the ` completely false ' allegations .
the florida-based company is fighting declining sales .
 photojournalist john moore has captured one of the thousands of migrants attempting to illegally cross into the u.s .
he now pays # 450 a month for a private sativex prescription .
-lrb- nb : that 's what apostrophes do -rrb- .
the nursing student , 20 , disappeared in 2011 from parsons , tennessee .
figures suggest 850,000 britons have undiagnosed form of the disease .
yorkville endoscopy clinic said a biopsy has never been carried out there .
most the victims were young male travellers staying at harris ' travel lodge .
 armed officers used specially adapted vehicle used to tackle terrorist sieges .
mr ellis broadcasts his lessons from his study at home .
it teacher at newent community school , glos , set up webcam link .'
the waste was spotted by mushroom pickers foraging in woodland .
government forces only control 30 per cent of sangin in helmand province .
 millie mackintosh has launched her own range after several collaborations .
the collection launches today and is available in sizes 6-16 .
 pc katie murray allegedly passed on details gathered from police computer .
 eisen bernard bernado blends popular publications with classic art .
eight of the animals were born at crocodiles of the world in oxfordshire .
two constables helped deliver baby .
mother and baby taken to victorian hospital for monotoring .'
the commercial will showcase the brands aw14 collection .
damage to river banks left chalet hanging precariously over the edge .
she then smoked the drug and chatted on the phone before calling 999 .
multiple witnesses claimed he was driving at around 200mph , police said .
 the bodies of joon lee , 50 , his 54-year-old wife sung and their 15-year-old son brian were found in a flushing apartment around 5am tuesday .
but officials in bergen , norway say gingerbread town -lrb- pepperkakebyen -rrb- is bigger .
rabbi mordechai rosenberg claims he is a ` trained ' mohel and that having a doctor perform a circumcision is unethical .
needed help cutting up food , and staff at longton residential home knew it .
four sources say goodell 's claim that rice was ` ambiguous ' about what happened is not true .
her injuries eventually forced her to stop playing soccer , according to her suit .'
the father of two was gunned down on a remote country road in croppa creek , north-west nsw in july .
 bradley barngrover , 32 , was killed after his truck stalled on the tracks .
there are now dozens of journalists camped out his house in switzerland .
one russian tv station has even tried to produce a live broadcast .'
child told rosie 's mother mizelley he had ` done something bad ' , inquest told .
driver of the car was not arrested but police have appealed for witnesses .
eyewitness , 26 , said : ` the crowd was dead silent .
colours indicate if the food is healthy or unhealthy for dogs .
the women were found august 22 in the couple 's fitchburg , wisconsin , home .
currency debate has been at the heart of scotland 's referendum campaign .
brutal attack took place at 93-year-old 's flat in moseley , birmingham .
he is third inmate in a week to abscond from ford prison , west sussex .
after the murders , she told court that his behaviour intensified into regular sexual assaults .
but mr tisdale snatched back one bag of stolen jewellery as gang fled shop .
 neil edwards , 24 , was driving down a55 in wales when he was caught .
 cyclist posts footage of dangerous drivers on youtube under mcr cyclist .
 the st. leger festival , one of the oldest race meetings in the uk , got underway in doncaster yesterday .
 35-hour-a-week roles posted on gumtree by edinburgh shop casa morada .
but when she passed it back , daniel neat , 35 , saw a metal nut inside .
 britons were due to fly from doha to london when they disappeared .
the page administrator had been told to remove the post by authorities .
child was named locally as mary ann , and her mother named as lyndsey .
 the cobra bit a dog and then slithered away in the los angeles area .
sisters antonia and iasmina were identified by their dad marius boghian .
she poses on a throne for their latest campaign modern royalty .
this week his 1922 rolls-royce silver ghost will go under the hammer .
he organised a charity event which he claimed was for a local hospice .
so in tribute , bridesmaids - who are also her sisters - did the 3-mile race .
he said poorer voters were ` turning their backs ' on the labour party .
forensic investigators could later be seen working on platform and track .
they have also been knocked out of the champions league by maribor .
british no 1 knocked out of dongfeng motor wuhan open .'
former australian open winner dropped to 25th in world rankings .
anthony hamilton in singapore to watch his son 's victory .
 ospreys prop ryan bevington has n't played since february .
 st helens capture travis burns from hull kr on three-year-deal .
two sides clashed in their super league play-off .
but rfl decided there was not enough evidence to bring charges .
1 rory mcilroy backs clarke 's cause .
dyche admits his forwards lack ` clarity and quality '
 garry monk played under roberto martinez when the spaniard managed swansea between 2007 and 2009 .
monk likes to discuss management with the everton boss .
martinez has been too busy to have a pre-match chat with monk .'
norwegian tried to diffuse the perceived rift with his predecessor .'
 bastia striker brandao headbutted psg 's thiago motta on august 16 .
brandao will miss 21 ligue 1 matches and can play again from february 22 .
 moritz stoppelkamp nets from 83 metres with massive volley .
the england under 19 international has been compared to steven gerrard .
donaldson has been playing team-mate thomas bjorn .
the brit takes on frenchman christopher rebrasse in his comeback fight at wembley arena on saturday .
groves was floored and stopped in the eighth round by carl froch in may .
 uefa president was given the watch by brazilian football federation .
 louis van gaal is blessed with plenty of accomplished free-kick takers at manchester united .
 stoke boss mark hughes admits qprjob was his toughest as a manager .
aston villa manager handed contract extension .
diego costa has been in excellent form , scoring seven in four matches .
 robin van persie had dinner with new team-mate radamel falcao .
patrick kluivert joined the manchester united duo on night out .
ex-gunner cole was seen ` lurking ' in roma photos after signing for italians .
but he is determined to earn a starting spot for manchester united .
 lewis hamilton trails nico rosberg by 29 points going into monza .
 mercedes driver lewis hamilton won the singapore grand prix .
asked about ufo and ghost sightings as well as pandemics and zombies .
also wrote residents should call ` mulder and scully ' regarding ufos .
 peg entwistle , 24 , jumped off ` h ' of hollywoodland sign in 1932 .
he claims to have saved hundreds of pounds in bars , restaurants and taxis .
 lfw party bites all full of antioxidants which hydrate and boost metabolism .
her shock departure came as she called for a ban on selling arms to israel .
 angelika peters returned to her ascot vale home at 4.30 pm on thursday .
it is thought they were intended to guard one of the tomb 's entrances .
 gopro harness lets canines capture video .
mount for high definition camera can be mounted on back or chest .
 images were taken by 26-year-old photographer haruhiro rokuta .
his girlfriend jessica hunt , 31 , will be sentenced later this week .
immigration minister , scott morrison has not given comment .
speech was met with silence from delegates and even some booing .
 waterproof locker the aquavault clips on to 95 % of beach furniture .
viewers .
one of his friends was seriously injured - the others were treated for shock .
45-year-old man got drunk in a restaurant during a layover .
40 per cent of bookings made are out of london gatwick and luton airports .'
depp in uk to film alice in wonderland sequel , through the looking glass .
danny welbeck 's representatives deny knowing agent jonathan hope .
 fa are set to renew sponsorship deal with bookmakers william hill .
warns he is ` deeply worried ' about funding for the nhs after 2015 .
the ` excellent ' graham alexander is doing well as fleetwood manager .
wolves winger bakary sako is on his way to the top .
rotherham midfielder ben pringle is a special talent .
images appeared to have been taken on iphone before being posted online .'
 steven gerrard was signing autographs and posing for photos .
liverpool captain then signed an autograph for her and she started crying .
 finance staff at st aldhelm 's academy , poole , fell for an email scam .
 arsenal supporter radostina staneva , 52 , crowned second grand master .
 mountain guide kenton cool helped sam reach the top of the 4,478 m peak .
 michael o'leary was behind ` bright ' design of ryanair 's interiors .
superlicence necessary for drivers to compete in formula one .'
` jeopardy! '
tendulkar wants his son to be able to play cricket without scrutiny .'
 istanbul tops list of europe 's most congested cities .
appointed as chairman in cabinet reshuffle last week .
mp sent him a copy debate where he said he ` sacked ' him as constituent .
pm accused miliband of letting america down and siding with russia .'
she finally regained custody of them two weeks ago and is trying to move on .
 the band 's figures are on a world tour and will be in town until november .
miss blinco was left in agony with a permanent scar and sent home .
it was thought for years that he was shot dead by bolshevik soldiers .
 brendan rodgers says liverpool spending does n't compare to tottenham .
attacker , from south tyneside , convicted at newcastle crown court of rape .
among issues they would be excluded from votes on the budget and welfare reform .
he was selected in a private meeting at ruislip high school , west london .
his criminal history was outlined in documents filed during a bail application hearing in brisbane on monday .
died from a viral infection brought on by severe croup , inquest heard .
consultations not neglectful , but ` opportunities were missed ' , coroner said .
 alison tied the knot with fifth husband , matthew , yesterday .
the three have now healed the rift and pat and george are married .
cole 's vehicle appeared to have been hit multiple times by bullets .
ball , who was more than two-and-a-half-times legal limit , was jailed today .'
if he has served sentence for manslaughter in time will take part in rio 2016 .
one video shows a man being knocked out in the middle of the street .
doctor , from salisbury , is accused of trying to procure an abortion for girl .
more than 100 volunteers from the community are involved in the search .
 police officers in cambridgeshire given a haul of bizarre gifts by the public .
 noah ritter , five , achieved bizarre fame after hilarious tv interview .
 derek flemming , 43 , was allegedly shot dead by martin zale , 69 , september 2 .
 daniel vorderwulbecke , 37 , claimed to be lindsay lohan 's husband .
 between stucco-fronted mansions of kensington is britain 's first baby spa .
founder laura sevenus , 68 , insists it helps with sleep and tackles colic .
the offences happened over a five-year period in the 1970s .
the san diego woman was arraigned on felony charges of soliciting forcible rape and sodomy and misdemeanor counts for identity theft and harassment .
 an uniformed australian officer was verbally attacked in sydney 's cbd .
 a darwin teenager spent more than 24 hours with stingray barb in his leg .
 the designer was inspired by artists for his ss15 collection .
he cheated on reeva steenkamp with a string of girlfriends before killing her .
protective mother , oshana , kept the quartet of cubs close to her at all times .
 yasmin le bon was joined by her daughter amber on the catwalk last night .
hundreds of doctors were polled about plastic surgery training .
 watchdog , which ?
, tested 45 cod and haddock meals from shops across uk .
the 24-year-old had it surgically removed alongside lymph nodes .
they allow him to walk up slopes and well as to climb stairs .
savanna so far reluctant to meet real father out of ` loyalty ' to barnett .
 darron gibson fears for his future at both club and country .
 samsung has created six adverts mocking apple 's latest announcements .
brutal street attack left her friend , natasha mcshane permanently disabled .
 alastair cook to lead england in next february 's cricket world cup .
deila praised man city for handing celtic belgium 's jason denayer on loan .
 maria sharapova tweeted a photo of a fan reading an article about her .
 swansea have tied wayne routledge down to a new deal .
officers found drivers 's license and student id near the body , in woodland .
the former manchester city striker was linked with italian rivals juventus .
 nicole laube , 29 , of forest grove , was stabbed on august 1 .
man , in his late 30s , was found on the tracks in nuneaton , warwickshire .
iraq once had 1.5 million christians but number has fallen since 2003 .'
the airline said the incident was due to an auto-pilot problem .
 the boys were separated from their group in the wilds of larimer county , where they spent the night in the wilderness on saturday .
rangers boss harry redknapp interested in tottenham duo as well .
redknapp hopes to lure aaron lennon and andros townsend to qpr .
the hollywood actor is a global ambassador for british airways .
she claims she was detained because her hang luggage was too big .
 royals on whistle-stop tour of british columbia .
cressida bonas looked relaxed as she laughed and enjoyed a drink .
 fan is captured pumping iron during the new york yankees game against the baltimore orioles .
 administrators encouraging healthcare.gov users to change their passwords .
hospital trust apologised and said care ` fell below the standard expected '
has now had skull re-built with a titanium mesh created by a 3d printer .
but health minister says there is no evidence that vaccine is to blame .
another rosie 's on , too -- wise-cracking actress rosie perez .
began supporting charity coppafeel urging women to check their breasts .
 budget supermarket aldi have release first ever maternity range .
shopping centre boss says the ban will remain in place .
 brandon blake became online sensation when fitness star posted picture .
 manchester united manager enjoyed wife 's birthday lunch in hale .
was shown a miniature bronze statuette of 1863 derby winner macaroni .
departures of susanna reid and jeremy paxman will help trim costs .
xie is accused of killing two children , their parents , and their aunt at their home in northwest sydney .
 stringer to step down on april 1 .
 football match between jacksonville and atlanta finished 14-20 .
 the british columbia health ministry has admitted that fetal tissue , cancerous tissue and amputated limbs have been shipped to oregon .
 trainer pumped dog full of viagra to speed it up and cannabis to slow it down .'
in particular , the connections within and between key ` brain networks ' mature more slowly in children with the condition .
the christie hospital in manchester has agreed to provide her treatment .
robin van persie 's place under threat from mata , falcao and rooney .
real madrid stars all signed this summer .
a recruitment video shows an australian reverts who claims islam saved him from drugs and crime .'
 samir nasri spends international break with anara atanes in ibiza .
welbeck expected to make his arsenal debut against manchester city .'
22 other students were assessed at the school for electrical shock .
was followed down the interstate by kfor 's john welsh in the helicopter .
a smaller fire further north has destroyed 350 acres and forced evacuations of 1,500 homes .
` comfort women ' were forced into prostitution during world war ii .
he said he was ` appalled ' at the ` astonishing waste of taxpayers ' money ' .
tore off her dress and bit her eyebrow in valentine 's day attack .
her husband justyn was jailed for 11 years for running the # 500k drug ring .
in 2013 his mother found out she had cervical cancer .
mr abbott and his ministers will be sleeping in tents in nhulunbuy in the northern territory .
australians who have joined the islamic state terror groups ` was one of the principle reasons for committing to the fight '
 mount tavurvur erupted off the coast of papua new guinea on august 29 .
icm survey revealed 6 out of 10 people think services are better than 2008 .
 mike korostelev hunted the crocodiles as they searched for food .
 the six cheetah cubs and their mother were playing in the masai mara when spotted by a wildlife photographer .
prince harry described servicemen and women as ` the best of human spirit ' .
the good-mannered furball even attempts to cover his mouth .
pair feuding over parking in terraced street in blackwood , south wales .
chamberlain battered mr morgan with a pole from his garden , court heard .
the university of sheffield student secretly took a picture of him on train .
it took police 15 minutes to locate rupp , who led them back to the home he shares with hinkle .
the professional fisherman may not have been wearing a life jacket .
barcelona frontman mobbed by japanese fans at airport .
 ilchester place in holland park , london is the most desirable location to live .
children found cowering and covered in blood in art teacher 's office .
one pupil was beaten so badly with a book his skull was fractured .
headteacher of school which has just 22 pupils said it was ` totally shocking '
an accelerant has been found near the scene but investigations continue .
 the annual festival of the winds saw record crowds flock to bondi pavilion in the 23c sunshine .
kite enthusiasts showed off their hand-made creations and flying skills .
guinness world record holder lines up the fruit and smashes them .
home staff and members of the public wept during last night 's candle-lit vigil .
sticker protested g20 meeting in cairns at the weekend .
figures showed rapists and abusers were allowed off if they apologised .
move as company loses 800,000 u.s. subscribers .'
 kelly owes $ 21,000 to his ex-wife andrea kelly .
uses fish puns to update public on arrest of two men in sydney on thursday .
on other hand , just 4.7 % of residents in bigfork , montana , are immigrants .
 carlisle sacked graham kavanagh last month .
the cumbrians are bottom of league 2 after relegation last season .
keith curle given the job until the end of next season .'
students have been railing against school administration on twitter .
witnesses said that he hit his head as he fell roughly 30ft to the ground .
 homeowner was shocked when he saw the cat in his yard in miramar .
 london prices soared by 19.1 % in the 12 months to july , figures reveal .
team principle manfredi ravetto is confident they will survive .
sleeps in an army tent at the garma site in nhulunbuy .
 wissam haddad closed down bankstown 's al risalah centre on friday .
he got the restaurant to set up a plan to explain why the cameras were there when it happened .
 gatis caunitis lost both of his arms at the age of six after an accident .
passed his driving test on the first attempt in latvian capital riga .
 shapewear brand unveils lace teddy with built-in slimming technology .
he repeatedly used the word ` apparently ' and the video went viral .
the scottish parliament is permanent .
after 40 years in the us the carriage returned to the uk in 2007 and is now at the national railway museum in shildon .
 richard fox was loading steel tube with firework powder when it exploded .
her dress fit perfectly on her ` perfect ' wedding day .
scrum-half carney was sacked by cronulla for a breach of discipline .
apartment is sized at 64sqm .
the two-year-old was killed in december 2012 while narkle was on heroin .
 meriam ibrahim , 27 , was pregnant when she was sentenced to death in may .
there , imams recited parts of koran to her in a bid to convert her to islam .
police discovered the woman and child at a home in wollongong .
the eight-month-old baby boy was rushed to hospital and is now ` stable ' .
subjects included ginger cat colony in petra and a kitten in gothenburg .
pest control officers fumigated the flat and will remove nest on thursday .
 the 18-carat gold timepiece was gifted to eisenhower in 1951 .
bt sport have signed rio ferdinand and jose mourinho .
oculus rift is a virtual reality headset developed by california 's oculus vr .
 mary monaghan , 64 , was two when she was adopted by a u.s couple .
she was born to an unmarried mother in an irish baby home run by nuns .
more than 400 photographs were submitted from all over the world and a civil engineer from bristol won the prize .
 airbus a300-600st , nicknamed the ` beluga ' made its maiden flight in 1994 .
 three female head chefs of world 's 50 best restaurants awarded last week .
jason bartlett , her husband , said : ` it literally burst open like a zipper ' .
he dialled 999 at 5.30 pm but an ambulance did not arrive until 7.06 pm .
mua mua dolls are # 85 each .
trial is already taking place in brighton involving 550 gay men .'
rivera was her live-in boyfriend .
 claire goodwin , 31 , was trolled on twitter following exit from the bbc show .
 the video shows seriously wounded people wailing and calling out for help .
edinburgh castle , stirling castle and the armadillo were lit up last night .
 vocal expert says killer 's speech pattern could be affected by stimulant khat .
daily mail has exposed a series of major .
 edison cavani says he is happy at french club .
 northampton beat bath at franklin 's gardens on saturday .
 samples suggest chemical weapons used in recent attacks in syria .
gunners beat besiktas 1-0 to qualify for champions league group stages .
 audrey and noemi belanger , 20 and 26 , were college students from a well-known family in a small town in quebec .
183 less supporters were arrested in 2013-14 than the previous season .
hull boss steve bruce has been touted as a possible replacement .
 foreign minister julie bishop 's phone was hacked overseas , report claims .
everton were outplayed by krasnodar in the europa league clash .
david meyler was headbutted by the manager back in march .
 racism in english football is overt , according to jeffrey webb .
 prime minister and the mayor of london were filmed dancing with their wives samantha cameron and marina wheeler .
this can be from anywhere in the world - and in any language .
competitors reached speeds of up to 40mph on the terrifying route .'
private security firm g4s , who failed to deliver on olympic contract , to donate # 2.5 million to armed forces as a ` goodwill gesture '
jan vertonghen described beginning of premier league season as ` volatile ' .
nathanial clyne has played every minute of southampton 's season .
millwall are reaping rewards of scott mcdonald 's reunion with ian holloway .
 willian has started the last four games for chelsea in premier league and champions league .
gale and colin graves both predicted new era of success for yorkshire .
concedes a penalty for a high boot on abel hernandez .
 manchester city boss manuel pellegrini chooses willy caballero over joe hart to face hull .
 argentine goalkeeper struck by missile from home fans .
orion receives treatment on the pitch after cut to the head .
 bolton 22nd in championship after saturday 's defeat by derby .
 india rose james shares her # 329million fortune with her sister fawn .
was held captive for a week and repeatedly raped by three men .
bill schoch has filed an affidavit to supreme court detailing the claims .
mr yates says he is yet to receive a reason for his sacking and has not been paid out for his leave .
more than 375,000 pennsylvania customers were left without electricity .
 rapper confessed to smoking a joint and ` pretending it was a napkin ' .
 oprah winfrey 's llc bought a 66-acre property in telluride for $ 10.85 m .
 cassandre fiering was substitute teaching in the bronx , new york , when she asked her students for relationship advice .
the clinic at saint barnabas medical center is reportedly investigating the health of those children for the first time .
kevin pietersen going on book tour .
 uefa have fined partizan belgrade $ 40,000 -lrb- # 31,430 -rrb- .
he has been spotted suspending himself by his ankles around city centre .
 pippa middleton took boyfriend nico jackson to the high-society wedding .
 usa were beaten 2-1 by belgium after extra-time in world cup last 16 .
 casillas reportedly wants real madrid to rip up his bernabeu contract .
 manuel pellegrini expects manchester city to win the premier league after their final game against west ham .
javier mascherano and sergio aguero both play for argentina .'
robin van persie scored 26 goals in sir alex ferguson 's farewell season .
during that investigation , police found connections to the 2012 murder .
this suggests the 2014 el ni\xc3\xb1o could be one of the strongest for decades .
 jill halliburton su , 59 , was found dead by her eldest son .
 thousands converge on tahrir square after overnight clashes .
since the age of five , vivian wheeler has performed in circuses and sideshows .
 chief constable stuart hyde accused of quashing criminal investigation .
victims named as ross simons , 34 , and wife clare simons , 30 .
man and woman arrested on suspicion of dangerous driving .'
 polar bear cub seen cheekily playing with its mother in the snow .
allen also wrote that arrington had raped her friend .
 the 66-year-old from gigante , colombia , is said to be a former politician .
 slide shows how internet tracking devices can be used by spy agency .
 body was found on an estate in stafford at 12.50 this morning .
so far , the use of chemicals is allowed only on citrus , melons and pomegranates .
will be imposed on 32-mile stretch of m1 between junctions 28 and 35a .
the cat-sitter 's parents wrote binder a check for $ 90 .
sea .
miss alcott came 19th in the women 's olympic downhill on wednesday .
one in four people in the rich community of aberdeen 's banchory own a 4x4 .
mother clare webb , 29 , said : ` it was one of the worst nights of my life '
 the michigan building , in detroit , was the city 's most grandiose theater when it was built in 1925 .
his kitchen wall has been repeatedly destroyed in crashes .
programme said it would undermine tory immigration policy .
she pretended to be in mourning , calling him her ` best mate ' .
 the boxing match was intended to be a humorous skit during the national young fundamentalists conference held this week in lexington , kentucky .
she said her first instinct was to jump behind the car and start pushing .
ivor bell , 77 , remanded in custody charged with aiding and abetting murder .
 the 20-year-old was arrested by northern territory police on sunday .
neighbour zandra stanford says the cat was alive when sukkar kicked it .
they found two missing memorial signs at his home .
the former detective sergeant is accused of having a corrupt relationship with the father of one of stephen 's killers .
 ernie and johnny dale were on board hms frobisher on june 6 , 1944 .
 florica leonida , 27 , from bucharest is a former silver world medallist .
footage shows a green light hitting the aircraft at 800 feet up .
they are interested in strategies that get the cancer cells to kill each other .
also had single pole holding up roof , while rooms were littered with debris .
comments come just days after hillary clinton stated that ms gillard encountered ` extraordinary sexism ' while she was in office .
rules will be applied to george osborne 's help to buy mortgage scheme .
the police said there is no evidence that the attack was religiously motivated .
boasting almost 360-degree views of the city , the apartment has a 15-metre swimming pool , a sauna and spa .'
 national governors ' association told members to defy a 70-year-old law .
 australian prime minister tony abbott spoke out about the rolf harris guilty verdict on tuesday .
said he was ` gutted and dismayed ' upon hearing the news .
his trial , at sheffield crown court , continues .
one group of 60 is currently camping out on grass next to park lane .
because of this , the company made ` hundreds of millions ' .
business will continue and staff will be paid while talks take place over sale .
 rob ford admitted using cocaine , marijuana and hallucinogenic mushrooms .
 zamperini passed away at his home on wednesday after battling pneumonia for over a month , universal pictures announced .
moments after picture taken bear tore her hand off and began chewing it .
 franklin frye has been locked away in the st elizabeth 's psychiatric facility since 1971 .
` -lsb- habitable environments -rsb- could have occurred here and there regionally , ' said lead author , ray arvidson .
 two male humboldt penguins were given the egg , which hatched in april .
will be able to carry 130 tonnes into space .
 us keeper made 16 saves in heartbreaking knockout match against belgium .
the defender will have a medical at aston villa before completing a transfer .
senderos will represent switzerland at the world cup this summer .
atletico madrid are interested after losing thibaut courtois .
he previously managed sporting lisbon , olympiacos and braga .
colombian striker has scored five goals at the 2014 world cup .'
vedad ibisevic pulled one back , bosnia 's first world cup goal .
 neymar is making a good recovery after suffering injury against brazil .
 lambert jets off on family holiday with his wife and kids .
 observer piper chieftains will fly alongside lancaster bomber over uk .
gilks replaces the injured hull city goalkeeper allan mcgregor .
the likelihood is they 'll vote in favour of wasps ' takeover .
 wayne rooney is suspended for manchester united 's game against everton .
anfield outfit have not won in the premier league since august 31 .
nba superstar james joined the cleveland cavaliers at the end of june .
the 34-year-old admits that planning a wedding is a difficult task .'
sabia is the ex-wife of van der vaart 's former holland team-mate khalid .
saints captain jose fonte has backed him for an england recall .
steve bruce can use his experience of playing with eric cantona to manage him .'
the language uses whistling to make all of its sounds and is now protected .
hernandez and brian yates , both 18 , joined byndloss in having sex with the girls and filming the acts .
it can help soldiers pinpoint targets and waypoints during conflicts .
 unusual dune field spotted by nasa 's mars reconnaissance orbiter .
they were left stranded and had to be rescued by miss tanner 's partner .
 paramedics were called to sonya spoon 's maryland home at 2am on sunday .
the phone is made by official oscar sponsors samsung .
 university of oslo research shows effects of steroids can be long-lasting .
porto loanee has only made one appearance for west brom off the bench .
 hamilton was fastest in second practice session at sochi 's olympic park .
and lotus announce they 'll use mercedes power units in 2015 .
 american rookie named on official entry list for this weekend 's race .
supporters ' chairman says that he is sure of a ` good reception ' .
serb advances to second round of the china open .
marouane fellaini is in contention to face his former side .
a protective wall of security guards and police officers was flattened by the students .'
it took until the 82nd minute for city 's first goal from yaya toure .
connor was playing with two of his brothers when another boy , jamarion lawhorn , 12 , pulled out a knife and repeatedly stabbed him .
the guam resident was in san diego for a jujitsu tournament .
curiosity landed in august 2012 but has made slow progress since then .
bopara played just one twenty20 match against india .'
garcia has won five of the seven ryder cups he has competed in .
arsenal have more players in the three lions squad than any other club .
 jason gallian admits it was a ` privilege ' to play with kevin pietersen when he was nottinghamshire captain but he says it was very difficult .  '
 john stones faced an uncertain future during his early years at barnsley .
the brussels time was a new personal best for gatlin .
 selfie taken as part of preparations to land philae probe on comet .
he played with chris waddle in a 3-0 defeat by oldham .
ryder cup has long history of bad fashion .
 brunei is planning to implement the sharia penal code , which calls for the stoning of people who commit a variety of sexual ` crimes ' .
 alan irvine claims brown ideye is ready for return to training .
 wigan warriors beat leeds rhinos 21-6 .
keane received the offer from former real sporting director emilio butragueno while he was on the loo .
 swiss media report the formula 1 legend ` will leave the clinic soon and could be cared for at home ' .
 di canio unlikely to become bolton 's next manager .
phil brown has also been linked , as has steve clarke .
wycombe drew 1-1 at home to northampton - who were reduced to 10 men .
seemingly just a designer bag it folds out into a lunchbox .
but eating a lot of noodles or pasta led to a bad night 's sleep .
 scottish referendum takes place on september 18 .
fernandes admits survival is qpr 's only goal this season .
 costa has scored twice in his opening two games for chelsea so far .
it was hours after he scored for the blues in 2-0 win over leicester .
fletcher is raising money for the james mccarthy foundation .
 ruth harvey , 50 , of wanstead , east london , is suing the sailing legend .
 first panda born in japan in 24 years and first ever to be conceived naturally in the country .
christine quinn revealed the mayor ` has no use ' .
police have not yet coaxed him out of the house in teignmouth , devon .
 jordan rossiter scored against middlesbrough in the capital one cup .
james collins scored the only goal of the game .
 elizabeth stringer keefe had been looking for the six individuals for years .
 georgia .
unusual-looking creature discovered in thailand in 2005 .
the iphone 6 , with new apple pay , will go on sale at stores starting friday .'
 tottenham have commissioned m anderson construction to lay the foundation and build the superstructure of their new home .
spanish driver says it is unlikely he will drive for mercedes .
they can rest their head on the virtual girl 's legs and talk to her .
hutton held down a scotland place despite not playing for his club .
batsman credits graham gooch with helping his revival .
he has lost two jobs at california christian schools in the space of a week .
 scotland target first win in their euro 2016 qualifying group .
steven naismith expects more attacking set-up against georgia at ibrox .
association wants 60,000 more young people by 2018 .
price realised she was a victim when her credit card was declined .
 hundreds of technology inspired words have been added to oed .
sanchez says the premier league is the toughest he has played in .'
united flop bebe is on his way back to portugal .'
atletico 's oliver torres has been starring for spain 's youth teams .
 money will be split evenly between children stephen bogart , 65 , leslie bogart , 58 , and sam robards , 53 .
gym owner kim johnson said : ' i really think god reached down and said , '' this is what we are doing '' . '
chilean playmaker was sent off in game between palmeiras and flamengo .
 caroline wozniacki , 24 , lost grand slam title to serena williams .
after match she rushed back to manhattan apartment and then remembered .
wozniacki has dozens of sponsors and is worth an estimated $ 24million .
he appeared to back the games yesterday , describing them as ` awesome ' .
hostages were rescued after operation involving more than 100 soldiers .'
` that 's the least that we can do .
steven caulker and mile jedinak are the only two outfield players who have played every minute .
 three unnamed victims of new virus has died in saudi arabia .
but no new cases of h7n9 have emerged since may 8 .'
 scotland prop euan murray has never beaten the all blacks .
new zealand face scotland at murrayfield in november .'
 john magnier came out top in bidding duel with john warren .
barnsley manager danny wilson wants to strengthen attacking options .
 michael gove vows to ` restore adult authority ' .
unveils list of measures to improve discipline .
 original candidate roger lord was ousted after douglas carswell defected .
centre back started season on # 2,000 a week and has played six times .
80 % of singles think weddings are good place to meet people .
the announcement comes just a day after st helens beat catalan dragons 30-12 to reach the final .
arsene wenger and joe mourinho clashed during the game .
 nick mckaig , 23 , records a capella version of tune .
she says complex computer games require concentration and resilience .
fc united of manchester beat nantwich town 2-1 .'
alan shearer says it will be a long , hard season for newcastle .
passenger mohd khairul was a flight engineer with a private jet firm .
the reality tv medium has defended herself , claiming ` negative people need drama '
 residents in tenterden , kent , have complained about the loud manhole .
 england face estonia in their third euro 2016 qualifier on sunday .
estonia are ranked 81st in fifa 's world rankings - 63 places below england .
will also work on smartphones .
 mesut ozil out for 10-12 weeks with a knee injury .
they fitted 26 students with electrodes to measure physiological arousal .
 foreign secretary william hague has made hollywood actress a dame .
girl is in the care of social services and couple face two investigations .'
 bbc 's political editor lost his phone - and a brimming contacts book .
 scudamore escapes sanction after apologising for sexist jokes .
choudhury denies the allegations .
biographer marc eliot also details drug use of superstar jack nicholson .
 lindsey had a difficult labour with first child xavier .
 barcelona returned to training on wednesday after defeat to psg .
 francesco totti scored first goal on english soil for roma against man city in champions league .
 ea sport crunch the numbers to reveal player performance index chart .
steven davis then captained the side to a 2-0 win over the faroe islands .
 hull city boss steve bruce has praised manchester city 's frank lampard .
 ten-man manchester city held chelsea 1-1 at the etihad on sunday .
but bruce maintains ` he does n't really want to sell ' .
kyle lafferty scored a late winner .
steve bruce 's side lost 1-0 away so go out on away goals .
he was left out of 2014 tour and is yet to sign a new deal with sky .
they will face australia in the final on thursday night .'
 pochettino has left southampton to join tottenham hotspur .
world no 1 will partner his father gerry in the pro-am event .'
poulter has taken watson 's comments as a massive compliment .
manchester city face roma in their next group e game on september 30 .
caceres equalised for the visitors with a header in the last minute .
 lee westwood gives sportsmail interview and discusses the open .
westwood tees off at 2.38 pm on thursday at royal liverpool .
teenager found to have had sudden arrhythmic death syndrome .
 there are around 200 tanneries in hazaribagh , dhaka , bangladesh .
 match was abandoned after substitute was hit in head by a missile .
both foy and louisa ride boats to commute to their jobs .'
graeme souness - signed for just # 350,000 , was huge for the reds too .
 epke zonderland of holland claimed gold in the horizontal bar at the world gymnastics championships in china .
keane and vieira were involved in many battles on-the-pitch .
 northern ireland beat greece 2-0 in their euro 2016 qualifier on tuesday .
 crude text messages sent by beale to di patston can be revealed .
her ex-co-star olivia helps to create a twiggy-inspired tutorial .'
final auditions on the snl stage in new york were scheduled for today .
charity launches national campaign to tackle issue of feeling awkward .
began selling loom band bracelets for # 1 - # 1.50 at school fares .
sgt.
details including earnings and savings were sold to rogue city traders .
 tracey chambers was caught driving to an off-licence to buy more alcohol - while her young child remained at home .
 pupils report ` horrific ' smell at carnoustie high school in angus .
 chiwetel ejiofor 's life was turned upside down when his father was killed .
last week underwent # 80,000 ` awake craniotomy with mapping ' in the us .
 the re-election party is over and it 's back to business for barack obama .
they will be taught to foil some of britain 's most dangerous criminals .
 brad pitt starred in happy-go-lucky pringles ad in the 1980s .
just as quickly as they emerge , the bugs die off in about a day after mating .
none of norma 's family went to their wedding .
 gloria hunniford , 74 , has taken the helm of loose women .
veteran presenters brought in to revive viewing figures .
her goal is to win a medal at the 2016 rio olympics .
 tracey miller , 36 , used to be a member of a gang in brixton .
bianca said : ` we are not ashamed so there 's no dread telling our children '
 manoa runs over hat-trick in comfortable win for northampton .
the falcons were unchanged after claiming first win over exeter .
hit with a ban in 2013 after he had failed a drugs test .
 england take on estonia on sunday in euro 2016 qualifier .
he has scored six goals in all competitions for west brom .
goalkeeper says nobody at the club has spoken to him about new deal .
danny batth scores the equaliser for wolves after 65 minutes .'
 paul lambert has tied alan hutton down to a new deal .
chambers earns first england call-up after impressive start at arsenal .
 john egan 's own goal after 25 minutes was the only goal of the game .
the senegal striker scored in west ham 's 2-0 win against qpr on sunday .
fabian delph and james ward-prowse in the frame for first call ups .
 weightlifter involved in an incident in the athletes ' village in glasgow .
pep guardiola and bayern squad celebrate at munich 's city hall .
lepore and smiles first met on vine and had their first date in new york city in early august 2013 .
 mclaren driver jenson button wanted clarification over his future .
 rosberg missed the chicane on lap 29 which allowed hamilton to pass .
accused of using false address from june 2008 to november 2010 .
 inter avoided a third straight league defeat as they came from behind twice to draw with napoli .
all four goals were scored in the last 11 minutes of the match .
both clubs have spent over # 100m developing their academies .
 new documentary follows two roma gypsy families living in the uk .
atanes tweeted ` f *** france and f *** deschamps ! '
 brown ideye joined west brom in # 10million move this summer .
ideye has only scored once in five games for albion so far .
 south korean midfielder ki spent last season on loan at sunderland .
vennables says ` country comes before club , end of '
armitage named in toulon squad for european champions cup on sunday .
tottenham forward nacer chadli struck with a fine half volley .
 thiago alcantara injures knee ligaments again training with bayern munich .
lennon was sent off for leaving his technical area too many times .
eye of the storm had rushed into an early lead and was pacesetter .'
giant pig featured symbols of organisations and .
 ekaterina rybolovleva , 24 , has bought island of skorpios ` for # 100m ' .
sold by athina onassis roussel , heir to the greek shipping tycoon .
alexis sanchez , by contrast , works hard and has more quality .
if armitage features for toulon in europe this weekend against montpellier then bath will not pursue a deal for him during this season .
bath head coach mike ford says move ` has not been done '
 sam burgess broke his cheekbone in nrl grand final for rabbitohs .
burgess will not arrive at his new club for a month after having surgery .
tom croft has had surgery and could be one of nine players ruled out .
many tend to 70 patients a shift - over the maximum of 20 , he added .
 melissa reid and michaella mccollum connolly were imprisoned last august .
tests eventually revealed that she was 35 weeks pregnant and in labour .
baby jessica was born at royal derby hospital at 5pm the same day .'
wasendorf sr. is in jail for embezzling millions from his clients .
convincingly beat spanaird roberto bautista agut in straight-sets victory .
 andy murray has earned # 32million over the course of his career .
she reveals that babies can indeed be affected by their mother 's mood .
 australia is prepared to join a coalition of ` like-minded countries ' to tackle the islamic state extremists in iraq .
 at the age of 19 bradley wernham burgled 700 properties in # 1m crime wave .
 murray and girlfriend kim pictured walking their dogs in surrey countryside .
 the dynamic closet rotates clothes , brings chosen outfit to the door .
 net migration is the difference between those leaving and arriving each year .
 tania clarence pleaded guilty to manslaughter of her three disabled children .
the 42-year-old sobbed in the dock as she entered her plea at old bailey .
` up to a dozen ' women have contacted slater & gordon about compensation .
 savile victim says pair arrived on ward as patients prepared to strip for bed .
the host then brought out a ` cow ' and a banjo to ` dispel the myth ' .
dallas cowboys star is the most accurate kicker in nfl history .
secret europe is a list of 50 must-visit undiscovered locations .
chilean scored in arsenal 's 4-1 win against galatasaray at the emirates .
croat striker had been wearing it due to his broken nose .
 abou diaby played 60 minutes in deeper role against southampton .
 angel di maria spotted out in alderley edge in cheshire .
n'doye is a senegal international and leicester have made a # 5m bid .
 tejeda represented costa rica at 2014 world cup in brazil .
pique left for barcelona in 2008 , but says he is still scared of keane .'
moeen ali the latest player with asian heritage to break into england team .
falcao excited by challenge of playing in premier league .
 jenkinson one of nine new faces at upton park this summer .
nfl team from texas only behind real madrid in world sport .
rookie johnny manziel accepted his position as back-up .
manziel showed his middle finger to redskins bench during game .
city now have an uphill task to progress further in champions league .
 justin rose claims use of mobile phones by gleneagles crowd was a distraction .
unauthorised use of mobile phones can result in confiscation .
 mario balotelli watched from the stands as old club manchester city beat liverpool 3-1 on monday night .
midfielder jordan henderson thinks the italian 's arrival will lift the club .
 chief executive david grevemberg believes 20th games have been a success .
 both phil neville and nicky butt were on manchester united 's coaching staff last season .
louis van gaal has been experimenting with his formation .
 wales are without gareth bale and aaron ramsey for holland friendly .
 pellegrini is weighing up how to strengthen his squad for next season .
manchester city midfielder left out by france manager didier deschamps .
 pellegrini has backed caballero to push hart for the no 1 spot .
 angie and rhodri powell found mural in their 16th-century somerset home .
she took out a series of payday loans to cover the lack of a pay packet .
ronald koeman has given players at st mary 's more self-belief .
it can be used to store files and transfer data to a pc and mac .
 f1 star accused of hitting biker after failing to give way on roundabout .
he is the youngest child of bruce springsteen and patti scialfa .
 chris hobson admits he is a little ` obsessed ' with the review website .
video shows mayweather being bathed by money team assistant .
 justin kraemer was dismissed from ksnw-tv in wichita in december .
 matt kenseth attacked brad keselowski for hitting his car after the chequered flag .
but hibs boss alan stubbs says they can not do that until january .'
 arsenal drew 2-2 with hull city at the emirates stadium on saturday .
the gunners are currently 11 points behind chelsea in premier league .
arsene wenger 's side have struggled for form this season .
berahino has been a standout performer for west brom this season .
 samsung believed to be preparing to launch smart specs in september .
barcelona have planned a video tribute in case that happens .
captain mats hummels has come under criticism in defence .
both devices connect to air france and klm 's flying blue accounts .
he has hired an all-star team of forensic and ballistic experts from the us .
general abdel fattah al-sisi , 59 , appears the only serious candidate .
he was playing pool with friends at a social club when he was murdered .
former nba pro then pawned the merchandise for just $ 5,460 .'
 giorgio chiellini put italy into the lead before scoring an own-goal .
 sandra nabucco from rio de janeiro , was walking her dog when animal fell from a lamp post on to her head .
former employees stephanie capsolas and hernan ricardo alvaro claim batali 's .
 toni nadal , uncle and coach of rafael , said leon garcia 's appointment could cause problems ` at dressing room level ' .
they were last seen at a nearby mall and reported missing on saturday .
zara gave birth to mia last week but spent just six hours in hospital .
suspect being held in london police station while officers search his home .
she broke two bones in her leg a fortnight before her big day .
 the model , 34 , has designed a plus-size fashion range for simply be .
 jayden parkinson was murdered by boyfriend ben blakely .
jayden 's mother , samantha shrewsbury , has spoken of her heartache .
boots , knitwear , and coats were the most popular items purchase .
to wear .
fear of trout pout , health risks and cost are amongst reasons for avoidance .
laurent blanc 's side move to second in ligue 1 .
julie gayet , 42 , has kept low profile ever since the affair was made public .'
now claims she invested in ` good faith ' and will pay back what she owes .
bbc said it fixed the problem - but 252 complained about second episode .
the daughter of rolling stone mick grew up in luxury properties .
this year it was held in 258 cities in 57 countries with tens of thousands of participants .
incident occurred on a flight from johannesburg to sao paolo .
 james carter found video after researching films on republicans ` almost every day ' .
entertained them with frog puppet and joined in nursery rhymes .
his anderson and sheppard suit jacket showed clear signs of repair .
show 's writer stephen moffat was ` thoroughly impressed ' .
tests which claim to reveal vulnerability to diseases are also up .'
willing to spend # 50 on moisturiser , while women spend just # 11.12 .
 amy matthews , 21 , from perth was shot in the face on bourbon street .
shoppers say they were told there was no new model on the way .
shoppers say they were told there was no new model on the way .
she says she ca n't afford a lawyer and has no money in the bank .
the recordings were made by journalist patrick buisson and leaked by the canard enchaine investigative magazine .'
milner believes sky blues have the experience to win champions league .
 hall scores twice as leeds win challenge cup final .
angel di maria 's # 50m switch to paris saint-germain from real madrid is off .
eto'o scores during his first start as an everton player .
 liverpool beat ludogorets in champions league opener .
raheem sterling realises his reputation can be hindrance .
 stoke could move for oussama assaidi following peter odemwingie 's knee injury .
the deal will mean fabio borini can not join sunderland on loan .
but manchester city 's david silva has said the injury is ` nothing serious ' .
toulon assert halfpenny could have been injured when he signed .
no premier league clubs came in for him but could regret doing so .
republic of ireland international spent last season on loan at brighton .
sweden striker has a heel injury and has missed two matches already .
joe hart ca n't understand why he was rested against hull city .
luther burrell scored only try of the game .'
 olivier giroud has been ruled out until the beginning of next year .
o'shea said dallaglio 's comments were ' a load of rubbish '
luther burrell and billy twelvetrees have been dropped as a result .
england squad has been weakened by premiership final withdrawals .
 owens underwent surgery after a neck injury .
clubs will be able to have two players , instead of one , exempt from the cap .
 england wing is a big hit for the aviva premiership side .
 cardiff relegated from premier league after defeat at newcastle last week .
director of rugby richard cockerill confirmed the news .
director of rugby richard cockerill confirmed the news .
luther burrell and billy twelvetrees have been dropped as a result .
i have had enough .
dead .
finished .
 the masked men lashed the women with sticks and whips .
bruce worked with welbeck at sunderland when the striker was on loan at the stadium of light in the 2010/11 season .'
 alex horne will step down as fa general secretary in january .
the result : consumers saw fewer options with higher prices .
but instead of pruning the hedge , workers decided to widen the footpath .
south africa defeated australia and new zealand in their last two games of the southern hemisphere 's rugby championships .
the centre suffered a recurrence of a previous groin injury .
 george tucudean and johnnie jackson scored a narrow win for charlton .
mcgregor scored the second in the 5-0 win over ross county on saturday .'
di matteo won the champions league as chelsea interim coach in 2012\xc3\x82 .'
 fernando alonso set to leave ferrari after five seasons .
rochdale groundsman oli makin is now using them on the goalmouth .
 gatland upbeat about world up preparations despite defeat .
he kicked one out the door .
figures also show knife-point robbery leapt by 10 % in one year .
 fire broke out at 130-year-old house in south plainfield , nj .
serious case review launched into tia 's death by merton council .
amoeba known as naegleria fowleri can infect brain and enters through nasal passage .
once infected , organism is 99 % fatal .'
suspected killer michael halgren , who was 23 at the time , lived three blocks away from crime scene .
halgren told doctors he had raped more than 20 women .
 robert schiavelli 's neighbour complained and he now faces 30 days in jail .
a sergeant , pc and a retired officer are suspected of perverting the course of justice .'
 dossier spanning four years show many crimes never reported to the police .
 gross debt at the end of 2012 stood at # 1.387 trillion , up 7 % on 2011 .
 marlina martinez , 15 , facing an assault charge following brawl in classroom at chavez high school in stockton , california .
 hundreds of tributes left to lee rigby , 25 , who was brutally killed in the street on wednesday .
facebook posts reveal obsession with celebrity gomez .
 a greyhound bus on it 's way to detroit crashed and flipped saturday morning in southwest ohio .
little girl had distinctive frilly pyjamas that he also brought to scotland yard .
she was in breach of a ban introduced last year in france .
 a bill to raise the legal age to buy cigarettes was voted into law wednesday by the city council .
after hearing about the letter , her mother decided to come home and surprise her - both with tears rolling down their cheeks .
but it is now ordering dog to be relocated after it bit neighbour 's dog .
 campaigners say lenders are ` concocting elaborate schemes ' to avoid cap .
 mr farage gave a spoof forecast to bbc 's sunday politics show .
rodriguez said of his daughter , now five : ` if i told her how she had been .
she was the last friend the tragic star called before his death .
after he pleaded for help bennett rushed to his hotel room .
single mother-of-two has been signed off work sick with depression .
the gang is the fourth targeted by nypd in connection with 34 shootings .
after a few minutes , other bears started joining in waving at the crowds .
 ben cowburn , 18 , from truro , cornwall , was stylist to gay tv celebrity .
he met relatives for a traditional friday evening meal before the jewish sabbath .
 rajib roy , 16 , lives in the red light district of kolkata , west bengal .
now police confirm they are investigating possible ` elements of sabotage ' .
 scheme piloted in parts of greater manchester with poor recycling rates .
 henry miller , 19 , died after taking yage while in columbia .
accused murderer daniel kelsall faces new indecent assault charge .
published in report covering 199 whitehall schemes by cabinet office .
 clayton whittemore had pleaded not guilty murder to the 2012 slaying of his girlfriend , alexandra kogut .
 juliana ferrel , 16 , died from her injuries friday afternoon .
the man tried to outrun the log but became trapped under it .
cave .
mccartney became heavily reliant on alcohol and drugs , the book says .
suspects broke into machines using angle grinders before stealing money .
elwyn jones said : ' i thought it could have led to the derailing of a train ' .
 thousands of police stormed evangelical baptist church compound today .
the 30-year-old posed for a photo as she rolled in a bundle of # 20 notes .
jury took just over an hour to return unanimous verdict at newcastle court .
total .
mrs shlimon 's waters broke the night before the wedding day .
the 47-year-old spent cash on herself after becoming depressed and in debt .
judge jailed her for two years after she pleaded guilty to stealing # 35,000 .
she says when he returned she was fired , and replaced by a white woman .
 the actor is ` doing well ' after having surgery on his leg for the on-set injury .
 girl , 16 , cleared of murdering mark roberts , 35 , who died last october .
witnesses said he cut a shar-pei 's throat even though it was restrained .
the u.s. plays germany in recife on thursday while portugal face ghana .
education department assures children are ` safe ' at all times .
the allied men escaped stalag luft iii via a 350ft-long tunnel in 1944 .
turell makes $ 9.50 an hour at burger king .
attacks the ` back-stabbing ' from people who once backed the 2003 conflict .
ex-deputy pm john prescott said it was ` back to the crusades ' .
the woman was thrown from the car and pronounced dead at the scene .
 64-year-old made the comments during talk at chalke valley history festival .
primark claims hoax labels probably stitched into the garments in the uk .'
 john clarkson serves the hefty meal from his shop in preston , lancashire .
 people out of work for more than a year could be offered council cash .
he then stabbed her five times while police tried to protect her .
it accuses ` professionals from all agencies ' of failing the troubled teenager .
the potatoes become washed , peeled and ready to cook in under a minute .'
investigator believes he found plate in 1991 on a remote pacific island .
 the 12-year-old boy who died monday morning of a gunshot wound to the head has been identified as william shook .
 corey bernard moss has also been dihonorably discharged .
truck drivers reported that mr w *** was ` pleasuring himself ' in public .
but mystery stills shrouds why such a precious asset was buried .
brit will play spain 's david ferrer in the final on sunday .
 general allegedly flew into rage when his men were arrested in oudtshoorn .
she was ` shot four times by pistorius ' at his house on valentine 's day .
pair filmed on holiday in seychelles for television show ` top billing '
 mandla mandela accused of cutting # 250,000 deal .'
mr anderson killed his 11-year-old son , luke batty , with a cricket bat and knife on a victorian cricket oval on february 12 .
allows police can tag troublemakers during riots .
 two of the four kepler wheels have stopped working .
setting .
one man is shown bleeding from the head after the fight .
advent 's vega tegra note 7 was a surprise performer beating apple 's ipad mini - despite being # 250 cheaper .
 spanish astronomer films asteroid hitting the moon .
 construction of nasa 's next mission to mars , insight , has been approved .
 bake.a.dish is a machine that can bake plates and bowls from bread .
 annual castrol european managers & coaches survey polled coaches covering 20 different nationalities .
injuries have limited jovetic to only 18 starts in the premier league .
 valencia are interested in cardiff city 's # 10million midfielder .
the new puma kit is set to be unveiled on july 10 .
inter milan are interested in the midfielder and believe they can tempt him to serie a .
 can joins liverpool from bayer leverkusen in # 9.8 million deal .
 neville is presenting his sky sports video analysis to the england team .
ronaldo scored a hat-trick in the play-off to get portugal to world cup .
 england went down fighting at previous world cups .
argentina won 1-0 after extra time to make quarter-final against belgium .
it stops chair in front from reclining - guaranteeing passenger legroom .
 lance franklin was allegedly called an ` ape ' by a rival supporter on sunday .
horlick , 53 , called her restaurant georgina 's after her daughter who died .
horlick said there was n't enough demand for dinner to make a profit .
brazil fans made talisman cardboard cut-outs of him supporting opponents .
conrado .
conrado .
 dancer suellem rocha has tried - and failed - twice to be elected in brazil .
 roberto di matteo names attilio lombardo as assistant at schalke .
the 25-year-old formula one driver has been in intensive care .
spurs soaked up pressure with federico fazio and jan vertonghen solid .
spurs have won just two league cups since winning the fa cup in 1991 .
wales manager will then talk to the player about possible return .
 leicester win opening game in rugby european champions cup .
wales hung on for 2-1 win over cyprus after andy king was sent off .
mckinlay won one and drew the other of his two matches in charge .
 nicolas colsaerts ' birdie putt on the 18th shaved edge of the hole .
england 's scott thwaites won bronze on the 12-lap course .
goalkeeper vorm signs on a four-year deal after three years at swansea .
 koeman hopes to keep remainder of squad , including dejan lovren .
 koeman hopes to keep remainder of squad , including dejan lovren .
 manchester united visit burnley in the premier league on saturday .
manager garry monk was trying to unite squad for relegation battle .
 mesut ozil ruled out until next year with knee injury .
injury was diagnosed while ozil was on international duty .
lukas podolski was given a warm welcome by dortmund 's fans .
lafferty scored his side 's second after jamie ward 's first-half opener .
uefa charged wales fa in september and have now handed out the fine .'
rickie lambert has made only seven appearances for liverpool .
cristiano ronaldo scored a hat-trick as karim benzema fired in a brace .
ronaldo praised benzema for his response to madrid fans booing him .
eventually the players are separated and it appears the match continues .'
 wayne rooney will win his 99th cap in the euro 2016 qualifier against estonia on sunday .
the pair wolf-whistled and chanted : ` get your t ** s out for the lads ! '
rodgers says he speaks spanish with liverpool players .'
burgess played on as south sydney won first premiership in 43 years .
manager bob peeters says it was ` undoubtedly ' right to let him observe the jewish holiday of yom kippur .
central midfielder was forced off against tottenham on saturday .
 wilson and thomas recorded the same score after competition of 14.966 .
despite the split , the blackadder star was still wearing his wedding ring .'
 man city new boy set to join spanish side valencia on loan .
users affected have been emailed or sent an sms .
 an inventor from florida designed the briefskate , which has a compartment that is 18inches -lrb- 46cm -rrb- long and 7inches -lrb- 18cm -rrb- wide .
 google admitted the glitch occurred between 15 and 22 january .
serena has 18 grand slam titles , venus has seven .
trimble 's ulster and ireland team-mate luke marshall out for six weeks with knee injury .
burnley manager is friends with ferguson 's son , darren .
luis suarez sent former liverpool team-mate a congratulatory text .
chairman mike cairns wishes watkinson well .'
 chelsea 's legendary striker made it 12 years of champions league goals .
 neymar took to instagram to post a photo of the brazil team selfie .
 st helens have gone eight years without grand final success .
 russian grand prix won by lewis hamilton ahead of nico rosberg .
thibaut courtois was taken off in the 24th minute against arsenal .
cska 's next three european home games will be behind closed doors .
sections of the newcastle fans are calling for pardew to be sacked .'
alex oxlade-chamberlain and raheem sterling could also play in tournament .
raheem sterling , luke shaw , phil jones just some of the eligible players .
 wayne thomas has played for stoke , southampton and burnley .
arsene wenger is not one of them , he says they wo n't be the same player .
jonny wilkinson believes owen farrell should be england 's first choice no 10 at next year 's world cup .
he was discovered trapped with just an air pocket to keep him alive .'
holidaymakers 1300 miles away in hungary 's capital heard its commentary .
thieves target iphones more than any other smartphone , research shows .
victims of petty offences expected to look on ebay and hunt fingerprints .
 website hack the menu , reveals secret orders at us outlets .
 auguste majkowski , 3 , of montreal , canada , was born deaf .
the women were found on friday in the couple 's fitchburg , wisconsin , home .
german chief franz beckenbauer wants the report published .
michael petrasso has managed just one league appearance for qpr .
van gaal will favour 3-5-2 formation at old trafford .'
 southampton boss said vlaar ` would definitely be an option ' as a signing .
lampard trained with manchester city team-mates for the first time on wednesday .
tim howard will join the belgian striker after his world cup heroics .
madrid were level shortly after when bale won and scored a penalty .
# 100,000 will be in cash , the rest in market value shares .
rangers fans concerned by mike ashley 's influence at the club .
 eden hazard claims james milner stopped him from attacking .
 amanda holden poses in 2014/15 everton shirt .
 stuart nelson scored the winning penalty on his 100th appearance for gillingham .
tottenham face manchester city after the international break .'
 anthony martial came off the bench to level the scoring .
the qpr defender was speaking at the launch of his # 2sides book .'
 everton have not beaten liverpool at anfield since september 1999 .
he dusted himself down but saw his shot saved by marius funk .
the spain star scored in the 2-1 premier league win at crystal palace .
it contrasts with his nine goals in nine matches for club chelsea .
ivory coast star has now scored in 12 successive campaigns .
suarez has scored 42 uruguay goals in 79 games after brace against oman .
newcastle united midfielder says he still has ' a couple of weeks ' on crutches .
west ham united boss thinks this is key to italian 's success at liverpool .
grealish is on the radar of many premier league clubs , including chelsea .
 martin odegaard will win his first cap against uae on wednesday .
norway manager per-mathias hogmo says he called odegaard up so he can become acquainted with the squad .'
 carrie preston , 27 , from cornwall , paints the detailed images on baby bumps .
was diagnosed with a rare form of skin cancer which ate away at his nose .'
ryan taylor set to make newcastle comeback after two years out with successive cruciate knee ligament injuries .
arsene wenger had first option to sign cesc fabregas from barcelona .
reserve team captain tom thorpe and his northern irish team-mate paddy mcnair have been promoted .
he is unlikely to return to playing until at least the new year .
but the west ham manager insisted he is not bothered by the situation .
 stratford 's olympic stadium will cost more to renovate than first thought .
vets say he is likely to be the smallest dog in britain .'
dressing panels around the new electronic scoreboard came loose .
bayern munich sent their own version out about franck ribery on tuesday .
 bayern munich hammered roma 7-1 at stadio olimpico on tuesday .
 arsenal beat galatasaray 4-1 on october 1 .
craters given on first-come-first-served basis with larger ones costing more .
 newcastle united 's cheapest ticket costs just # 15 at st james ' park .
 luis suarez won golden shoe after 31 goals for liverpool last season .
porter recorded new record of 12.51 seconds in marrakech on sunday .
 wayne rooney free kick puts england ahead against estonia .
 tottenham hotspur continued preparations for thursday 's europa league clash at their training centre complex .
arsene wenger has vowed to add reinforcements in january .
today it was forced to reveal its 43 mistakes in foi response .
the france striker has netted three goals at the world cup .
he broke both legs in the collision but will be able to play water polo again .
 beau browning was attack on saturday off the coast of california .'
sue ann has accused her husband of having an affair .
study on flights in us found fares varied the least on spirit airlines , 5 % .
claims she smoked marijuana with him while he was playing wimbledon .
she agreed to put pen to paper - much to her and their delight .
 prince charles returned to the village of muchelney on the somerset levels .
the gallery was the last known place to be in possession of the painting .'
hammond : climate change was ` clearly a factor ' in recent bad weather .
they also demanded a rematch with schalke , but will settle for a draw .
winger joined sporting lisbon on loan in the summer .
 sir bradley wiggins won the time trial stage in nine minutes 50.71 seconds .
 liverpool are preparing for the showpiece game of the group stages of the champions league .
 real madrid host basle at the bernabeu in the champions league .
 real madrid sauntered to 3-0 win at anfield - marca says ` anfield stuned ' .
valdes is available on a free transfer after being released by barcelona .
 manchester united currently sit fourth in the premier league table .
jury is still out on united manager 's new-look side , says neville .
fans were queuing outside greenhous meadow for tickets .
hazard and chelsea preparing to take on schalke on wednesday .'
liverpool captain steven gerrard says balotelli has already imposed his personality on the team .
italian international pirlo joined juventus in 2011 after 10 years at ac milan .
 ross barkley suffered knee-ligament damage in august .
former manager steve burr said in 2012 : ` barcelona have -lrb- lionel -rrb- messi , real madrid have -lrb- cristiano -rrb- ronaldo and kidderminster have our pies ' .
 arsenal host galatasaray in their champions league group d match on wednesday at the emirates .
marca gave balotelli a match rating of three out of 10 .
everton made deadline day move for manchester united midfielder .
marouane fellaini made an instant impact with his first united goal .
captain ashley williams on bale : ` i have someone next to me now who i can lean on '
brown ideye opened the scoring for the baggies but was forced off with an injury for his troubles .
 gabriel agbonlahor and andreas weimann scored first-half goals for aston villa at villa park .
clayton donaldson and david edgar both scored for the hosts .'
ulloa confident of being a success in premier league .'
the winger learnt about united 's history and the club 's previous no 7s .
louis van gaal has not started the belgian in a single game this season .
former british olympic cycling champion nicole cooke has also criticised the bizarre outfit .'
29-year-old joined the club in a # 26million move from valencia last summer .
 ashley young returned to manchester united training last week .
 mario balotelli started in liverpool 's 1-0 defeat at basle on wednesday .
vidic was sent off on his inter debut against torino .
ferdinand was thoroughly outplayed by stoke 's peter crouch this month .
sam allardyce 's side host manchester city at upton park on saturday .
 anthony joshua will mark his first anniversary as a professional .
winner must face chris avalos within 90 days of bout .
ea sport crunch the numbers to reveal the player performance index chart .
 poor sleep can impact 700 different genes .
46-year-old would become leeds first non-british or irish boss .
slovenian won nine domestic titles in five years in charge of maribor .
multi-lingual manager can speak five languages .'
the championship outfit are also close to sealing a deal for max clayton .
analysts value photo sharing app at $ 800 million .
 craig gordon signed for celtic over the summer on a free transfer .
 on-loan manchester city striker scored first celtic goal at st mirren .
 comedian paul ogata claims a qantas steward racially mocked him .
 gabriel obertan scored newcastle 's winner against leicester on saturday .
 gus poyet 's side were beaten 8-0 by southampton last weekend .
midfielder returns to training on friday after international break .
 uefa attempted to block u21 competition , refusing to give it their approval .
performed poorly compared to measurement tools on iphone 5 .
 arsenal drew 2-2 with hull city at the emirates stadium on saturday .
 maths prodigy rubaiyat , 11 , and tudor mendel-idowu , eight , shown crying .
boys lost out to winner sharon daniel , 11 , in channel 4 show child genius .
 pensioner donald waterworth admitted leaving poisoned tuna out for cats .
 kara dexter , 42 , cooks for up to 77 customers a week in her kitchen .
coroner says ballet teacher may have died from ` morphine intoxication ' .
inquest adjourned until coroner can hear from doctor involved .
 alexandra bythell went into hospital to have her appendix removed .
she had been at red carpet launch of strictly with other celebrities last night .'
 sir roger moore , who starred in seven james bond films , revealed he can no longer drink the cocktail because of his type 2 diabetes .
campaigners said she should think about message she sends to young girls .
it allegedly started by an arsonist on september 13 , and continues to threaten about 21,000 structures .
he has captured some spectacular images from inside breaking waves near oahu .
others thought ibiza was a separate country or that jamaica was in africa .
boeing 737 max 200 holds eight extra seats worth # 62,000 per plane a year .
landscapes and resort shots proved the most popular , followed by selfies .
` who loo ' has since been fitted with a victorian-style toilet and sink .
ex england forward shearer scored 206 times during 10 years on tyneside .
arsenal will look to inflict more misery on sunderland after their 8-0 defeat to southampton .'
specialists performed a successful lung surgery on friday .
the shelter is looking to secure meatball a place at a sanctuary that specialized in overweight cats .'
 arsenal are seventh in the premier league , eleven points behind chelsea .
the fa have confirmed they will investigate the incident .
leeds drew level shortly after , through souleymane doukara .
 federico macheda and peter whittingham were on target as cardiff won .
 steffon armitage 's move to bath collapsed after lack of england guarantees from stuart lancaster .
michael carrick among players returning from injury .'
 bolton wanderers will donate some proceeds from third kit to blesma .
frank lampard has told of his excitement at moving in .'
 john o'shea scored in the 94th minute to hand his side a point .
mario balotelli tells pelle to ` keep it up ' on instagram .
luis suarez could make his long-awaited debut for barca .
the germany defender has followed arsenal since dennis bergkamp 's era .
1 rory mcilroy beat close friend rickie fowler 5 & 4 on sunday .
the liverpool winger is capable of similar impact rooney had at euro 2004 .
it can be triggered at a distance of up to 165ft and also works on boats .
police and governments could also use it as a ` non-lethal weapon ' to stop joyriders and even car bombs .
police also found he was wearing a police shirt .
duke and duchess of cambridge to attend service in mons , prince charles and david cameron in glasgow .
 airport bought 150 buggies for parents to use but only three now remain .
 rspca shot sick foal and left its body in field for owner to recover .
dumping ground was in sight of a children 's play area , it is alleged .
 gold medallist issued commission bill from mtc management for # 741,000 .
 police alerted the shootings at 4.12 am on the kilburn high road .
united currently on lucrative pre-season tour of the united states .
they say it will help to prevent an epidemic of tooth decay .
he was also accused of showing his victims child pornography .
 conmen bottled poor-quality wine and passed it off as the singer 's brand .
police uncovered thousands of fake bottles during raids in tuscany , italy .
account mirrors attack on andrea cristina zamfir found dead under bridge near florence .
 the unnamed woman had ivf treatment in rome in december .
on sunday police arrested her husband christopher murray after he confessed to killing her .
 beetroot has often been shunned by the younger generation .
 olly carpenter , 25 , uploaded the foul-mouthed rap to facebook .
so what 's her secret ?
they will be unveiled at the annual video gaming convention , games14 .
mother of french president 's four children calls it a ` violation of the law ' .
lund , 63 , was released after serving nine years in a french jail .
but the socialists are expected to carry the vote with two-thirds majority .
mckinlay is now in talks with a move to manage in saudi arabia .
 chile beat peru 3-0 in valparaiso with sanchez on form .
 brazil star neymar praises his barcelona teammate lionel messi .
defender was given sweets to ` return to his soldier origins ' .
ferrarini says he is now angry with bonucci for his post-match comments .
 divock origi puts lille in front from the spot before kevin de bruyne levels with stunning volley .
tour was announced in july but only confirmed by uci this week .
croatian rises to world no 9 after win at flushing meadows .'
contract ended on august 30 but he will have further talks with surrey .
west brom striker scored twice in their 4-0 win against burnley on sunday .
luiz joined in a # 50million move from chelsea this summer .
phil mickelson was dropped by tom watson on saturday .
 chelsea striker diego costa has been in blistering form .
loic remy scored for chelsea in the 6-0 victory against maribor but left the pitch moments later in pain .
marco streller scored only goal early in the second half to clinch all three points for home side .
 lee clark was sacked as birmingham manager on monday .
manchester united drew 2-2 with the west brom .
manager louis van gaal is desperate to have carrick back in the team .
redknapp said he is unconcerned about signing a new contract .'
jordan spieth and jimmy walker 's names misspelt on driving range .
caroline wozniacki will face world no 39 peng shuai .
the 27-year-old is on course to meet novak djokovic in the quarter-finals .
 diego costa is yet to score for spain but banned one in during training .
they have since won four in a row , scoring 20 goals in the process .
mundo deportivo lead on barcelona - messi and neymar secured a 0-2 win at rayo vallecano on saturday evening .
he prepared for the game by scoring a stunning free-kick in training .
the ring could belong to a sunderland or norwich fan .
as pienaar 's mentor , johnson was responsible for his move to ajax .
he runs regular quiz nights to keep his players ' brains ticking over .
pochettino has said that any of his 25-man squad could play .'
rodgers was chelsea youth coach when they lost 2008 final .
everton boss believes young defender 's england progress is good for merseyside club .
horne , 42 , has been general secretary of the fa since 2010 .
uefa holding a meeting in nyon , switzerland , where it will be discussed .
huw jenkins believes it is ` inevitable ' matches will be played abroad .
 nottingham was chosen ahead of manchester and portsmouth .
city have faced bayern munich , barcelona and dortmund in recent years .
he had also been on fifa 's executive and finance committees .
 vanishing spray has been hugely successful during the world cup .
` she is so strong .
pandas once flourished in the high mountains of chongqing , but are an endangered species today .'
 senzo meyiwa was declared dead on arrival at hospital after being shot .
 birmingham city lost 8-0 at home against bournemouth on saturday .
frenchman could also face a six-month ban .
 experts believe 142,000 people struck down with sickness bug in august .
the saints moved above manchester city to second in the table .
ronald koeman more satisfied than after 8-0 drubbing of sunderland .'
united coaches are keeping a close eye on nani , according to rojo .
 fabregas and di maria arrived in the premier league this summer .
warnock adamant he questioned pawson 's experience , not his integrity .
ancelotti says he is the best player in the world and should stay .
aaron ramsey will be back in arsenal squad for anderlecht next week .
watford also put eight past sunderland in september 1982 .
victory should set up a world title shot against gennady golovkin .
the manchester united winger was pictured playing with his daughter .
inspector who attended realised there was no woman and call was a hoax .
 steven salaita tweeted anti-israel comments before taking up new job .
salaita ` not sorry ' for tweets that cost him american indian studies job .
currently in custody after arrest for shooting a newspaper photographer .
 re-elected pm john key said he wants referendum on getting a new flag .
independent review criticises bbc 's wider rural coverage as ` simplistic ' .
 louis van gaal is in the frame to replace david moyes at old trafford .
illness forced him to pull out of hospital visit at the last minute .
 chris reynolds left shocked after opening his monthly-statement .  '
 miracle village , just outside everglades in south florida , was established in 2009 by the late evangelical pastor dick witherow .
most villages have a special hut called a bukumatula which is used for extramarital encounters .
the baby giraffe is the second born at australia zoo in a month .
former referee graham poll took charge of six of the 49 matches .
artist is disappointed that the sculpture is being moved to a secluded spot .
 chelsea 's gary cahill should have been sent off for his challenge on arsenal forward alexis sanchez , says sportsmail 's graham poll .
 shrewsbury town welcome chelsea to new meadow on tuesday night .
the child 's mother , 20-year-old jennifer wild is not a suspect .
edward , who also looked trim , has taken on the same personal trainer .'
she never reported the attack to walmart management or police .
 roger federer beat denis istomin 3-6 , 6-3 , 6-4 in the second round .
 andy murray dispatched fabio fognini 6-2 6-4 to reach the last eight .
 highclere thoroughbreds have high hopes for opinion in australia .
 steven taylor has not been a fixture in newcastle 's back-line this season .
 southampton 's win over stoke was their sixth in the last 10 games .
wenger hopes this generation will be more inclined to stay at club .
nike say the footwear has been engineered to suit james ' game .
lebron will wear the trainers throughout next season .
 harry redknapp tells adel taarabt to get in shape not think about a move .
 qpr lost 2-0 to west ham .
 eduardo vargas scored twice against liverpool on sunday afternoon .
city have yet to win in their champions league group .
danny welbeck left united for arsenal and scored a hat-trick in mid-week .
23-year-old attempted the acrobatic celebration in the 62nd minute .
kenny miller warns the league leaders against complacency at the top .
defender rio ferdinand once again watched from the home bench .
 elizabeth calvo , 21 , and adam garber , 25 , have both been charged with murder in the death of toddler aiden calvo .
 a gadget that can squash eggs into cubes has been unveiled .
after a minute the lid is removed and the egg is moulded into a cube .
she was today smiling and chatting to mother and children , 11 and nine .
7-8 million people have already been uploaded .
 family law expert vanessa favia has arrived on island with heather mack 's chicago lawyer michael elkin .
ivy league-educated alex maclachlan , 43 , of weehawken , new jersey , manages a fund worth $ 1.5 bn .
his daughter accidentally shot dead instructor charles vacca when she was firing an uzi at arizona gun range .
dr lee silverman then pulled out his own gun and fired at the patient .
civil rights group say dreads are ` religious symbol ' that can not be cut .
antonio conte says his team is a meritocracy .
the 65 year old was hit by a mitsubishi colt , before he died at the scene .
lika received more than $ 47,000 in benefits while living in a staten island mansion and driving a rolls royce .
opening hours were extended but they quickly got booked up to .'
ghaith and sahar hafeez style their baby 's hair after bath time .
 massive beach ball has a diameter of 59 ft and weighs a staggering 800 pounds .
 jessica ennis-hill announced she has returned to the gym .
randle starred in sunday 's win over seattle rushing for 52 yards .
cristiano ronaldo and lionel messi 's clash will be big for the ballon d'or .
the fly-half has been selected by england boss stuart lancaster for the autumn internationals .
 masked man was tackled by police after disrupting bristol 's parade today .
unknown whether bomb is american or british as both forces used payload .
 university of stirling studied 100,000 people over 13 years .
 jason edward harrington is a former frontline member of tsa staff .
urged against ` counter-productive ' economic sanctions on russia .
` plastic popo ' is set up in a police car to scare drivers into slowing down .
 target reveals hackers accessed system using sales assistant 's details .
 anonymity order will extend to carr 's child .
virginia-based amateur group works under banner isee-3 reboot project .
 mercedes were crowned constructors ' champions after one-two in sochi .
 former ireland fly-half paul burke leaves leicester tigers .
 brown panther withdrawn from canadian international at woodbine .
stoke manager mark hughes supports it , saying moses is not a cheat .
it almost beat the 43 goals scored in february 2011 .
midfielder king was sent off in wales ' 2-1 win against cyprus .
 sunderland lost 2-0 to arsenal at the weekend .
in the interview , sterling apologizes and asks forgiveness for making racist statements in recorded conversations with girlfriend v. stiviano .
fundraising gala being held for charity action on addiction .
expert neurosurgeon confirms the recovery rate is very low .
philadelphia is one of most violent cities in us with 331 murders last year .
if a shopper finds an item online , they compare it to items in their wardrobe .
the phoenix 1 picked up 227 migrants in its first rescue this weekend .
 sonia purnell was 34 when she suffered hyperemesis gravidarum - the same condition as the duchess of cambridge .
 pair were spotted together at the serpentine gallery summer party .
retrieval from secret location near beach at harlech , gwynedd , will move ahead as soon as a home for the aircraft is found .'
 officer steve arkell , 48 , was shot dead just before the explosion .
 britain is having a bumper spider year and breeding season is just starting .
 meteorologists are forecasting yet another snow storm for the east coast , which will arrive on monday .
spaniard joined liverpool on their pre-season tour of the us .
 jimmy martinez raced to ground zero even though it was his day off .
 kevin pietersen was sacked from international cricket in february 2014 .
 gene haas sure he can avoid errors he felt others made when entering f1 .
canterbury bulldogs ' james graham will be skipper in his absence .
 john wade and thorbjorn olesen both shot a first round score of 64 .
 crystal palace 's london location appeals to josh harris .
sakho has played twice for senegal but only in friendly matches .
the moroccan did not feature in rangers 2-0 victory over aston villa .
 daryl janmaat is keen on easing the pressure off of alan pardew .
 in the last six seasons , united won three premier league titles to city 's two .
individual errors from wes brown and vito mannone proved costly .
spanish striker ends three-and-a-half difficult years at stamford bridge .
bernie ecclestone has granted both teams special dispensation .'
if the mexican accepts , it will likely happen before the end of january .
origi will line-up against howard once again and will look to score .
victor moses went down in the area after angel rangel 's innocuous tackle .
 liverpool came from behind to beat swansea 2-1 in the capital one cup .
the italian believes his team-mates proved their ability on tuesday night .'
he prepared opposition scouting reports for the dutchman as his no 2 .
southampton frontman jay rodriguez is a target .'
barkley does not have a buy-out clause and everton do not need to sell .
he says scoring makes him appear ' a better player all of a sudden ' .
the mother-of-five was thrown through the air landing on her face .
 conventional theory is that mantle plumes bring magma to the surface .
she and a ukip parliamentary candidate were both forced to apologise .
suspension was reduced to just four months by cas .
believed the pair of dinosaurs were fighting before being buried in an earthquake .
gary rowett was appointed the blues ' new manager earlier this week .
bodies lay on the street covered in white sheets , surrounded by relatives .
victims were given full military honours as they arrived in kuala lumpur .
country 's top medical adviser also warned of a postcode lottery .
 schoolchildren to have access to inhalers for the first time in classroom .
research compared the drug with existing treatment enalapril .
chemotherapy could be obsolete for treating a range of cancers in 20 years .'
the nfl aim to have a franchise on these shores by the 2022 season .
 marin cilic defeated roberto bautista agut 6-4 , 6-4 to claim title .
she showcased her designer taste in # 245 bulgari sunglasses .
jeremy and frances have been living apart for three years .
jerry 's involvement is said to be a dig at mick and partner l'wren scott .
` seductively leaned towards him when they were shut in lift together ' .
traffickers brought hungarian women to the uk to work as prostitutes .
coffee , alcohol , tomatoes , carbs , sugar and dairy all banned .
police have seen the video , but say they will only give him ` advice '
61-year-old chairman has been described as ` ageing hippy ' by colleagues .
mrs owens was sacked in 2012 after the shocking foul-mouthed outburst .
hauled before health and care professions council after act was reported .
but she says fat people are depressed and simply self-medicate with food .
 the names that qualified as least popular were given to just five newborns in 2013 .
 maryam mirzakhani , 37 , is the first woman and the first iranian to win the award .
many of the 16 infected were students of the music teacher from bern .
 jeffrey daday , 35 , admitted stealing loose coins from parking meters .
$ 3,500 reward now being offered for information to find her torturers .'
vast majority of the debt is from tickets issued before 2002 .'
 serena williams defeated sara errani 6-3 6-0 to win the italian open .
louis van gaal has given young defender his chance this season .
 manchester united lost 4-1 to manchester city last september .
 olivier giroud has been out with an ankle injury since august .
arsenal face burnley on saturday 3pm at the emirates .
 cristiano ronaldo stars in new nike advert titled ` out of this world ' .
hat-trick hero guidetti was substituted after 63 minutes .'
barboianu 's infant son died just hours before the game .
 sebastian vettel feels it will be ' a shame ' if he is unable to run in qualifying .
 the south african police service have arrested a suspect in the senzo meyiwa murder investigation .
cesc fabregas and diego costa have hit the ground running .
the irishman says scholes was simply too lazy to do interviews .
 daniel sturridge expected to be out until mid-november with calf strain .
david ospina stars as a vampire while kieran gibbs dresses as skeleton .
certain features only available from inside etihad stadium .'
stevan jovetic said that city need to add more goals to their game .
newcastle dumped man city out of the capital one cup on wednesday .'
the football association announced the charge on its official website .
 michael jordan disagreed with lebron james over the situation .
 midfielder tom cleverley is on loan at aston villa from manchester united .
l'equipe argues that zidane 's three-month coaching ban is harsh .
supermarket initiative is to inspire children to become healthier .
alan pardew 's men have beaten manchester city , tottenham and leicester .
victor moses won a penalty after a collision with angel rangel .
dozens of heart-felt letters sent to infantryman 's pacifist brother .
gareth bale without a win at anfield in five games for spurs .
sheffield united have faced backlash over re-signing striker .
she said that ` something has happened to the baby ' and fears for its health .
she went missing after father adam farrar , 43 , was arrested in texas on saturday .
baby genevieve duffy was photographed smiling by her father christopher duffy .
 the baby was delivered on the upper level of the busy bridge .
she felt severe labor pains and the driver of the taxi called for assistance .
the 2001 chevrolet pickup truck was found at the bottom of rush canyon .
 nadir morris filmed the outburst as the flight attendant yelled at him .
19-year-old plays for huntly fc rooted to bottom of scottish semi-pro league .
the brazilian driver claimed it could rain during the race .
 the czech republic goalkeeper has dropped being courtois at chelsea .
steenkamp 's parents have admitted accepting payments from pistorius .
 data from u.s. bureau of labor statistics shows price of a pound of creamy peanut butter jumped 46 per cent in a decade .
lithuania , latvia and estonia expressed concern over the developments .
 labour leader said that public mistrust is the party 's biggest issues .
 andy carroll is back in training after recovering from an ankle injury .
simonsen taken to hospital after the 1-0 victory for rangers .'
alba and norman were joined on the course by john daly .'
terry expressed his anger at the incident on instagram on monday .'
 supporters outside the ground pinned poppy 's to the wall as a mark of respect .
the serbian defender grabbed a quick selfie with his clubmate .
 cheapest match-day ticket to watch liverpool play at anfield costs # 37 .
 erik lamela scored a rabona goal from 20 yards for tottenham hotspur .
italian winger giovanni roccotelli first player to score a rabona in 1948 .
the former valencia man picked up the injury in the defeat to celta vigo .
hosts beat their london rivals 25-20 .
 barritt and eastmond are to start for england against the all blacks .
rio ferdinand has defended himself for calling a mother a ` sket ' .
 nick cummins gave entertaining post-match interview .
 the free unlockyourbrain learning app is available on android .
selected by nasa alongside elon musk 's spacex .
three versions of varying sizes are available : letter , a4 and a5 size .
the smallest holds 750ml and the other two hold 1.25 litres .
 celtic and rangers will meet in league cup semi-final at end of january .
kris boyd does not think celtic 's john guidetti knows what to expect .
 kris boyd has three goals in his past five games after scoring on saturday .
it is the second time in less than a week he has been spotted with waltz .
 amelie mauresmo is delighted with andy murray 's recent results .
novak djokovic won 6-3 6-4 in their second-round tie at the paris masters .
 andy murray has won 18 matches and three tournaments in six weeks .
pakistan looking for first series win over australia in 20 years .'
they had reached 157 for three before the heavens opened in hamilton .
 middlesex have ditched their limited-overs nickname ` panthers ' .
the welshman dominated throughout and stopped brunker in the ninth .
holders exeter record late 28-27 win over gloucester .
 the rugby stars go through their pre-match preparations while reciting the 1895 poem .
 captain sean o'loughlin not in side but could be drafted in late on .
 nicolas colsaerts leads the bmw masters on 14 under par after two rounds .
it is the 27-year-old 's first ever pga tour win .
poulter hit back in a statement after bishop had deleted the messages .
mark stratford 's 59-yard touchdown pass sparked lions revival .
williams will face mark allen in saturday 's semi-final in china .
charlie austin lead the line well for qpr against chelsea .'
 burnley have picked up just four points in nine games .
 kevin mirallas has been out with a hamstring injury since september .
 hull 's third-choice keeper eldin jakupovic is set to continue in goal .
mark hughes believes that the decision vindicates what monk said .'
ryan kent had handed liverpool the lead with a free-kick .
 arsenal manager arsene wenger lauds the spirit of alexis sanchez .
luis suarez has been criticised after his first la liga game .
sportsmail 's hands off in the box campaign launched on monday .
liverpool are in talks with gerrard over a new deal .
the inaugural indian super league kicks off on october 12 .
but mauricio pochettino reveals he was angered by midfielder at half-time .
balotelli has scored two goals in 12 appearances this season .
24-year-old is yet to score in the premier league for liverpool .
 liverpool beat swansea 2-1 in the capital one cup on wednesday .
daniel ricciardo expecting competitive race for red bull this weekend .'
barcelona lost 3-1 to rivals real madrid with messi missing a clear chance .
 daniel sturridge has jumped to the defence of his liverpool team-mate .
sam allardyce says west ham targeted city 's # 32m summer signing before the game .
derby go top after watford 's 2-2 draw at home to nottingham forest .
rotherham and fulham shared six goals in a thriller in south yorkshire .
 mark bright believes players have a soft underbelly .
he lifts the lid on the controversial envelope moment from documentary .
swiss company are one of 29 official sponsors and commercial partners .
drogba versus rafael at a corner really was n't a fair fight .
 morgan amalfitano opened the scoring for west ham midway through the first half .
jack colback remains newcastle 's ` unsung hero ' after win over tottenham .
french police used tear gas on visiting everton fans .
 atlanta falcons take on detroit lions at wembley on sunday october 26 .
 england wing jonny may commits long-term future to gloucester .
but he was ineffective at white hart lane as spurs lost to newcastle .
carrick was replaced after 64 minutes of the reserve match .'
 there is a full programme of premier league action this weekend .
 sergio aguero says playing with mario balotelli was always entertaining .
he has been in talks with manchester city about a new deal .
the forward was injured in a manchester city pre-season game in july .
 john hartson apologised for comments following stoke 's penalty on sunday .
ally mccoist 's side travel to dumbarton on saturday .
burnley yet to win a game so far this season in the premier league .
mauricio pochettino hails lamela 's ` unbelievable ' first goal .
but he ended the game in goal after keeper hugo lloris was sent off .
city beat united 4-1 and 3-0 in the premier league last season .
 ross barkley 's return from injury has helped boost everton 's form .
pardew compared recovery to building ikea furniture piece by piece .
paul scholes insists balotelli 's performances are only part of the problem .
the gunners take on galatasaray in the champions league on wednesday .'
lloyd burton will meet jose mourinho before the game .
at tottenham , inigo calderon should have conceded a penalty for brighton .
 hodgson keen to give players more tournament experience .
likes of jack wilshere and raheem sterling could play for u21s .
 david silva out of manchester united match after suffering knee problem .
 borussia dortmund are through to the german cup third round .
 liverpool vs newcastle has produced total of 129 goals in 40 games .
that 's 3.2 goals a game , 0.4 more than liverpool vs tottenham .
found popular belief that ` spooning ' is the ` one position that fits all ' is wrong .
 study finds two in five brits have foreign cash they have n't changed back .
dawson elbowed goalkeeper julian speroni , with victor anichebe scoring .
 alan irvine is weighing up the possibility of asking ian wright to help saido berahino 's development .
players representative will have crucial vote - likely to be bjorn .
 radamel falcao had treatment on his thigh on sunday but missed out .
schmeichel says david de gea has been in good form this season .
chris pennell must leave worcester to further england career .
but yesterday , sikh community said it had ` not come across ' him before .
lifesavers who usually patrol beach not due to begin duties until next .
suarez celebrated his first goal with ferreira and paid tribute afterwards .'
he says he has yet to meet any players he believes to be gay .
 tycoon john goodman , 51 , convicted of dui manslaughter in may 2012 .
` rivalries are good but this is n't healthy , ' said coffee county director of schools dr. ladonna mcfall .
 10,000 photos posted online showing youngsters larking about at memorial .
 linda dohmen , 20 , was arrested with brother at their home in krefeld .
five-week-old had been struggling to breathe and her lips turned blue .
 john and faith dyson embroiled in row with british neighbours in france .
 nilam hindocha speaks as son-in-law fights extradition over murder charges .
investigators are trying to determine the cause of the crash .
the hevilift twin otter aircraft was carrying nine people .
pizza hut australia say they ` sincerely apologise ' for the promotion that was ` not approved ' .
the women are asking a federal judge to turn their 2010 lawsuit into a class action on behalf of current and former female associates and vice presidents at goldman .
baston 's victims were from australia , new zealand and the us .
 nicholas salvadore , 25 , is accused of beheading palmira silva last week .
google claims it is safer to test their cars in a ` matrix ' than the real world .
how is your child 's school coping with the free meals policy ?
 anna savery was tying the knot in bargain ceremony in pontypool , torfaen .
the scan was only arranged once his mother cheryl threatened to go private .
rscpa donations dropped by # 7m after the prosecuted members of hunt .
 driver and passenger crashed outside roswell , new mexico on friday .
cristiano ronaldo has four more goals than liverpool have this term .
taarabt has made just three first-team appearances for the r 's this season .
 redknapp managed spurs for almost four years .
daniel sturridge has travelled with the liverpool squad to madrid .
has also been tweeting love of superfoods in recent weeks .'
 president of clube argentino in rio de janeiro called on argentinians living in the city to ` show their anger ' .
mr walker was chief executive of a trust under scrutiny for death rates .'
cska staff failed to adequately feed manuel pellegrini 's men last month .
ricardo rodriguez is set to provide a threat for switzerland .
karim benzema scored the match winning goal with a first-half strike .
 england face new zealand at twickenham on saturday .
more than three million spectators swarmed the streets while 50 million people watched from home .
besnik hasi believes arsene wenger 's side went looking for a fourth goal .
witness said he was tasked to record deaths in custody from 2011 to 2013 .
rfu have awarded head coach stuart lancaster a new six-year-deal .
the california-based company has no sales or business model but its app delivers around 350 million temporary messages a day .
 ryan bailey will replace retired prop justin poore at hull kr .
sky news anchor kay burley said good morning britain was ` too busy ' .
21-year-old joined hammers from manchester united .
 cherie was going to admit her daughter abbey to palliative care last year .
others are becoming mothers again decades after first having a baby .
 police in casablanca find 37 dog carcasses in back of butcher 's van .
cristiano ronaldo backtracks on his florentino perez criticism .
 juventus and antonio conte could be going their separate ways .
lionel messi and barcelona are gearing up for an anxious end to la liga .
taarabt arrived at ac milan on a loan deal from qpr in january .
prince william 's phone ` was hacked 35 times ' and harry 's was nine times ' .
andreas christensen heads chelsea level from lewis baker corner .
prosecutors claim he killed the model to avoid paying child support .
 the two-story condo at 18 gramercy park boasts 6,330 square feet of interior space .
more than 700,000 people have signed a petition calling for her release .
it means hackers can remotely unlock devices and change pin codes .
he has been in a coma for two months and has racked up $ 1 million in bills .
as many as 50 officers are involved in the inquiry , and seven have resigned .
 ` nathalie ' was deemed to have cheated despite never meeting the men .
she was sending intimate photos to men she met online .
the injury was caused when he was last on international duty with wales .
blast was to be part of rebecca gibney drama , believed to the killing field .
hospital .
racist sign sparked outrage when it was posted on a local facebook page .
24-year-old administration assistant said she had late-stage cervical cancer .
 former .
father told court : ' i will never get to walk my only daughter down the aisle ' .
many mps want alan johnson , who served as home secretary under brown .
he told an audience at cheltenham literature festival the additive called monosodium glutamate -lrb- msg -rrb- blamed for the syndrome is safe .
some revellers seen vomiting and collapsing semi-conscious in street .
 jitendra lad , 49 , probably murdered family over the weekend as they slept .
that is more than goldman sachs , which spent $ 1.4 m in same period .
 liam naylor stabbed doreen walker , 75 , more than 40 times .
used money to treat friends to a night out in barnsley and a mcdonald 's .
taken to hospital with serious injuries , where he is in a ` stable ' condition .
insulted families who constantly rely on government assistance .
` the combination may not be seen again for a long time , ' says northern lights expert , jonny cooper .
 chloe pullen woke up from caesarean to be told her daughter had two teeth .
baby rose 's teeth were fully formed - but were removed after three days .
mr rolfe appeared on c5 's benefits britain reality show earlier this year .
comes as david cameron battles with brussels over # 1.7 billion demand .
 the poll was conducted by planned parenthood and new york university on 1,663 parents and their kids aged between nine and 21 .
probe was launched when other officers found bullets in their lockers .
it 's believed the couple got on a bus to travel to essendon .
the 18-year-old has been discharged from hospital .
search was carried out at frank madla elementary school following tip .
kalogerakos vanished in december 2007 but his dismembered remains were found near idaho city last year .'
 stephanie clifford , 36 , sold her novel everybody rise to st martin 's press .
 brock nulph was at a store in enid , oklahoma , when the boy came in .
she broke up with him just weeks before four-star holiday was due to begin .
a total of 9,637 lexus vehicles recalled in britain .
john lennon airport confirms easyjet plane and raf on a ` training flight ' .
his representative confirmed he was at hazeldon addiction treatment center .
rail workers are ` routinely sprayed with waste ' , union chief says .
she lied to me ! '
during drive , cody also asked where heart was and repeated ` i 'm dying ' .
catwalk show was seen by high-powered women including anna wintour .
the device consisted of two planks of wood , a pipe and a red light .
he said sierra leone 's health system was already overwhelmed by ebola .
 justine colbeck , 36 , was ` delighted ' to find out she was pregnant .
 sam burgess sustained the injuries during the south sydney rabbitohs grand final clash with the canterbury-bankstown bulldogs .
 jamarion lawhorn , 12 , will be tried as an adult in juvenile court .
 george osborne watched dallas cowboys take on jacksonville jaguars .
 alfie disappeared from his home in sunshine , melbourne on thursday .
 new book , playing big , is written by american life coach tara mohr .
but emma now says she will look elsewhere for her brothers to go bowling .
england boss steve mcnamara is the assistant coach at sydney roosters .
like that ' .
the victory was marred by a fight in the pit lane after the race .
 serena williams beat simon halep to win the wta finals title on sunday .
the victory sealed his place in the atp world tour finals .
olimpija went on to win the match 87-58 to go third in the adriatic league .'
former chief executive graham wallace left as a condition of the loan .
 mike ashley provided a # 2million loan to rangers .
she also holds indoor record but has seen career blighted by injuries .'
the referee took charge of tottenham 's match on wednesday night .
experts also uncovered horseshoe crabs and unrecorded seed pods .
he was 17 at the time of the three attacks .
 hollywood 's maestro of make-up died of an overdose in 2002 .
 ferguson police have been covering id with black tape or not wearing it .
animal services found the dog running free , but residents blame santeria .
 jazz jennings , 14 , was born male but has lived as a female since she was five-years-old .
 joan quigley advised ronald and nancy reagan between 1981 and 1988 .
the 22-year-old says he is driven to succeed with a new career .'
judge john potter said offences were ` particularly mean ' and spread misery .
kim has been absent from public view since a concert on september 3 .
 an auckland woman misplaced her engagement ring while posing for a photoshoot .
couple had married in 1948 , and were just days away from 66th anniversary .
couple 's four children described their parents as ` inseparable ' .
well-liked dj left breakfast show in june , to shock of listeners .
 brussels airport will take temperatures of passengers from ebola hotspots .
the couple married exactly a year after the letter was written and moved from britain to australia in 1970 .
seven-year-old has recovered despite vets having to remove his left eye .
he was diagnosed with cancer shortly after leaving office and announced last week he was suspending treatment .
sadler later taught at # 6k-a-term abberley hall when rurik jutting was there .
new ` enhanced ' security measures have been implemented .
 rhys culley , 23 , sank his teeth into chanttelle ward 's face during the attack .
pregnant zebra was attacked by 20 hyenas in kenya 's maasai mara reserve .
urges prime minister to ` look and the facts ' and seek ` practical ' solution .
simon clark of smokers ' group forest : ` if you do n't like the smell , walk away '
compared to the defender 's 30 knots -lrb- 34mph or 55 km/h -rrb- .
 julia mckeown , 38 , was using a bottle of acetone to clean a woman 's nails .
during treatment she spilled the chemical on her arms , hands and chest .
a number of women were allegedly court up in the prostitution ring .'
 wu ming was carrying out routine maintenance on a lift in fuzhou , china .
but somebody moved the chair , causing the elevator to crush mr ming .
 video emerges of fight between manchester united and manchester city fans .
another woman has come forward who found mould in her cans of fruit .
mr harris jumped into sea at paphos after mrs sugarhood got into trouble .
gordon brown was the top earner , but money goes to charity not himself .
owner michelle simmons and her family were distraught at their loss .
 conal o'rourke , of california , was employed by pricewaterhousecoopers .
pwc does consulting work for the cable giant , which denies the claims .
the barcelona no 10 scored twice in barcelona 's 2-0 win over ajax .
 tour guide lance lacrosse , 29 , has been swimming with alligators since he was nine years old .
 catalogues reveal how women have used ` control ' underwear for decades .
since then he has received countless offers from people asking for financial help .
meeting organised for drivers and wardens , with fines suspended until then .
 crash occurred at dimassi 's mediterranean buffet in houston .
 rudi valentino , 36 , has painted his enclosure and canvases for 10 years .
 rhiannon michell , 26 , has baked edible replicas of jupiter and earth .
handing out fake phone numbers on holiday is common .
i would have been disturbed for life , ' she says of alleged incident .
 trio took more than 530 bikes from stations in london and home counties .
 officials in moscow 's domodedovo airport posted snaps online of drums .
roxette 's followers later sent the pictures to swedish duo 's management .
 officials say colin jaffay , 58 did not die of the deadly ebola virus .
the predator .'
tests two years later revealed she had cancer - and the mass could be seen in the original x-ray .
after her sister 's death , ms adams was determined to succeed in career .
report said this may be due to the large population of mormons in the state .'
customers claimed the iphone 6 plus bent when kept in a pocket too long .
at an impressive 65 feet wide , it features six bedrooms , seven bathrooms , art studio and a media room with bar .
 andrew clarke died in a tragic motorcycle accident in may 2012 .
first restaurant outside asia in sydney 's northshore , then westfield in burwood and george street .
her family said she was a ` caring daughter and loving sister ' .
 peter brightley , 51 , was an executor when his father trevor died last year .
so brightley , from telford , shropshire , forged and sent in an ` updated ' will .
was inspired to undertake phd to understand minority groups .
more than 100 people died in the anti-government protests in february .'
it launched out of hawaii sea , bit her hand , pulled her off her board .
her debut novel centers around a waitress at a steakhouse .
 obscure florida law can be used to punish him for calling college student a ` slut ' and a ` prostitute ' on air .
but more than week on , they have still not received a call from 111 service .
 mario balotelli posted photo of himself with super mario .
the victim is a 17-year-old male student at pacelli .
 race was marred by death of two runners , japanese-trained favourite admire rakti and seventh-placed araldo .
evans was released from prison on friday after being convicted of rape .
england youngster looked to be elbowed by marcin wasilewski .
teenage defender has impressed for manchester united this season .
southampton to head north again - this time to sheffield united .
jose mourinho described the match as ` like playing in an empty stadium ' .
ryan giggs and gary neville 's four-star hotel have removed photographs .
met ac says female officers are ` flooding ' everywhere but not to armed units .
the 19-year-old has now joined huddersfield town on loan until december 6 .
the great britain no 1 says he does n't regret giving his opinion on twitter .
 jenny winder , 53 , is to fly to the caribbean after the christmas holidays .
says that ` my private life is exactly what it says - private ' .
the 53-year-old has been head at the primary school for the past 14 years .
police claim he was carrying a samurai-style sword and lunged at officers .
told lover ashley williams , 49 , she was leaving to be with his son , 18 .
 the stone head was discovered at arbeia roman fort in south shields .
the four suspected illegal immigrants were removed from truck by firemen .
 leanne gilder , 28 , was freed after serving half of a five year jail term .
she failed to notify police of her whereabouts under the release terms .
senator patrick leahy said ` whose bright idea was this anyway ? '
 lonnie bissonnette has jumped from bridges and cliffs .
she smashed the previous fastest speed by 20mph at an airfield in yorkshire .
 shabazz suleman , 18 , and hisham folkard , 36 , thought to have been traded .
brendan rodgers said the merseysiders have learned from the defeat .
it 's believed 46 of those involved were australian , 110 were also thought to be from the uk .
experts say there is no risk from flyby between earth and the moon .
has just celebrated his first birthday and has no ` long-term health problems '
 rosie , 27 , models floral dresses and tailored suits .
the everton forward has credited samuel eto'o with his development .
new york officer kenneth healey was attacked by hatchet-wielding madman .
temperatures could hit 23c tomorrow , with warm dry weather set to last .'
nall complained on facebook that police did not use a better photo of her for the mugshot .
the figures were released after questions from tory mp steve barclay .
but chief constable colette paul dismisses the comments as office ` banter ' .
one bullet struck shanti in the chest as she hid in her bedroom .
she has not sent him to school since he was told off for the ` do last week .
private members club donated more than # 400,000 to tory party since 2010 .
but the reduced monthly subscription of $ 25 does n't include the drama .
randle starred in sunday 's win over seattle rushing for 52 yards .
 dr david matlock met wife veronica when she came to his clinic in 2007 .
tories wanted backbench eu bill to be given government time by coalition .
 carmen sucart is the wife of rodriguez 's estranged cousin - yuri sucart .
yuri sucart is alleged to have been the superstar 's drug mule .
 debbie ziegler , 56 , describes cartwheels , day trips , and volunteering in asia .
 sheryl sandberg dropped from fifth to 10th place in the annual rankings .
patients ' family watched it unfold while they waited on skype .
given police caution over pair of thefts from sainsbury 's valued at # 60 .
they would then allegedly pose as card holders to rinse bank accounts .
 duncan schwier admitted to stealing money over more than a decade .
he gave her cheque as ` financial security ' to be cashed after their marriage .
 teddy thomas begins scoring with first minute try .
 two male snakes battled over a female in a queensland yard .
 us airways flight us751 developed a rudder problem over ireland .
 soft drink giant launches new slimline cans for $ 2 in australia .
claimed state handouts despite having # 308,000 in a swiss bank account .
alis released in 2013 , but re-arrested this year after boy 's head found .
the state is defending a claim for damages by the victim by blaming her .
revealed she lathered on stretch mark cream during pregnancy .
outraged locals heard about the abuse and invited them back to california .
his car flipped over , leaving tabit trapped inside .
furthermore , the fingerprint of another man , rob render , was found in carrick 's blood splatter .
 twitter users have started replying to comedian 's posts with word ` parklife ' .
he was later arrested on suspicion of domestic violence on august 31 .
 top ten ` maritime moments ' celebrate start of psp southampton boat show .
 monaco midfielder has been linked to real madrid .
 joshua king scores two as norway pick up first euro 2016 qualifying win .
 researchers find a quarter of teens have received explicit pictures .
sprint legend michael johnson visited england training on tuesday .
mike brown posted photo on twitter with johnson and kyle eastmond .
brought about due to growing demand from single women , gay couples , and those left infertile through cancer treatment .
site had run out of space but it has now opened new memorial terrace .
sheriff 's detectives wrapped their investigation and published a report wednesday finding ` no motive ' for the murders and suicide .
 body corporate castle real estate have ordered darwin couple to take down australian flag from outside their unit .
he played 12 times , scoring three goals for the reds .
he explains brendan rodgers insisted on playing him out of position .'
paramedics said the man was shot in the head and forearm .'
 victor valdes is reluctant to come in to train with liverpool .
12 % of those will also attempt to speak english in local dialect .
she managed to knock the car out of gear and it started rolling .
had been caring for disabled two-year-old debra johnson for 11 months .
the 41-year-old accepts she is ` probably too old to get funding '
 aaron lennon and emmanuel adebayor may return after midweek rest .
likens his situation to that of raheem sterling 's at liverpool .
struggled to fit in under david moyes , playing twice in the premier league .
 the 40-man shortlist for european golden boy award has been announced .
aimed to raise awareness of the plight of the homeless .
 real sociedad captain xabi prieto has welcomed the appointment of former manchester united manager david moyes .
qatar stressed benefits of a winter world cup in 2022 to a fifa task force .'
thierry henry created both goals in the match from a wide-left role .
 chancellor george osborne has held talks with nfl officials over move .
zabaleta is ready for ` another huge game ' against cska moscow .
coleman had a hamstring injury , while mccarthy had a thigh problem .
 injury to antolin alcaraz has brough 36-year-old distin back into the team .
 celtic 's match could be postponed with fog affecting the area .
but constituency plans are being made to play the match tomorrow .
forward played down his personal duel with lionel messi .
 west ham vice-chairman hits out at evans ' return to the game .
 australians place their trust in the big four but are n't getting the best deal .
lucas moura converts two penalties either side of half-time .
ezequiel lavezzi makes it 3-0 with 10 minutes remaining .'
it was recovered from a marina at pwllheli on the llyn peninsula in gwynedd .
the host said that ms lambie 's attempts to explain sharia law was a ` brutal assault on the english language ' .
 dr mansoor kassim faked scripts while he was having ` marital problems ' .
but figures show the cost of the inquiry will soon be more than # 10million .'
graham , 34 , has said he has been dropped by radio 4 bosses .'
first test on the woman has come back positive after going to hospital today .
his vimeo video has already been viewed 50,000 times in 24 hours .
 incident took place while group visited nottinghamshire police headquarters .
malaysia airlines flight mh17 was shot down in july , killing 298 people .
and in the uk , london 's the ritz saw 2,600 multi-millionaires check in .
cured her chronic eczema by eating healthily .
wife brenda spinks says he has a long road to recovery .'
a scene in american hustle quotes brodeur as saying microwaves take the nutrients out of your food .
simon webbe and kristina rihanoff 's latest routine attracted criticism .
 dereck chisora was ordered to pull over by police in finchley last april .
 the fitbit surge is expected to go on sale by the end of the year .
 europe 's ian poulter has won 12 of his last 13 ryder cup matches .
while she 's worried virus will reach uk shores it is ` not a worry it 'll spread ' .
hammers manager does n't feel his position is under threat .
she is seeking compensation but all they 've offered is a $ 30 voucher .
santander , tsb and others can use paym at launch .
they refused to bake wedding cake for rachel cryer and laurel bowman .
 kim jong-un was photographed during a visit to a pyongyang orphanage .
she claimed the money was in trust for her children and was n't for herself .
axani has now said anyone with his girlfriend 's name can have the ticket .
says he has no option because it 's almost impossible to change names .
 joe lentini asked the waitress at bobby flay steak in atlantic city for a wine recommendation for a business dinner .
princess diana was a regular visitor , last making a trip to south africa in january 1997 - months before her death .
 sandy nardo , 53 , from dublin , has slept with 140 men .
 a 38 square metre apartment in potts point sells for $ 684,000 at auction .
best friends with cara delevingne and jourdan dunn .
 programme featured countless vile sexual jokes broadcast just after 9pm .
billy connolly says ` channel 4-type ' comedians are killing stand-up .
either of them could register the ` marriage ' if they can prove they had sex .
 don milisav juan gonzales brzi posted pictures online .
 richard hibbard was a controversial inclusion in the gloucester squad .
the argentine was signing copies of his book ` born to rise '
both have pleaded not guilty to murder for the beating death of kim pham , 23 .
 french youngster will sign with chelsea when he turns 16 in 2017 .
 andy murray takes on milos raonic at the o2 arena on tuesday night .
 murray says : ` if i want to be the best , i have to beat the best ' .
 real madrid will feature in the club world cup in morocco in december .
the spanish club are concerned over the state of the pitches there .
oscar 's opener on saturday against qpr was provided by fabregas .
chelsea star uploaded instagram photos of him on a private jet afterwards .
they lie seventh in the premier league , having scored 13 goals .
macleod has scored seven goals for rangers this season .
 rangers will face celtic in league cup semi-final at end of january .
he has scored three goals in his last three games .
 south africa 's duane vermeulen believes his side were complacent during their 29-15 defeat against ireland .
 paul d'vorak has no movement below his armpits but still surfs .
 doug maclean admits getting a ` good eyeful ' of the attractive pedestrian .
real sociedad have confirmed they are holding talks with moyes .
japan go into asian cup with confidence after giving honduras 6-0 beating .
 james simpson-daniel broke on to the england scene 12 years ago .
but injuries ravaged his career and he was forced to retire this year .
 bristol city lost 1-0 against swindon town at the county ground .
the figure has increased from the 42.8 million handed out in 2010 .
 richart sowa , 61 , spent seven years building a free-floating eco-paradise .
 works by novelist anthony trollope being recast as ` graphic ' comic book .
but its own version of the app proved glitchy and was roundly criticised .
the liverpool man has been out with a thigh injury for most of the season .
carragher was impressed by welbeck 's performance against switzerland .
 nicklas bendtner scored twice as denmark beat serbia 3-1 .
medical professionals expect it to reach 100m soon .
 chris eubank jnr was due to go head-to-head with his opponent .
o'sullivan saw off ding junhui in the other semi-final by the same score .
court hears he harassed ex-girlfriend for four years - harassment allegation was added to the charges .
 gareth bale scored as real madrid beat rayo vallecano 5-1 on saturday .
 klitschko tweeted with caption : ` anthony joshua is in camp for sparring .
ukrainian preparing for his fight with kubrat pulev on september 6 .
one such technique includes going up to a woman and choking her .
in the past , mr blanc has charged men $ 3,000 for a spot at his seminars .
but he has brought petition to divorce his wife , gertrude , for ` general indignities ' .
 deborah anderson filmed the adult film stars for documentary aroused .
 stick-n-find stickers attach to valuables and sync with your smartphone to help you find them .
paradoxically , says overweight patients had better survival rates .
 hessdalen lights can be as large as cars and have been spotted in oslo .
included tribute to first world war soldiers with knitted poppies .'
rolando is out of contract at the portugal giants next summer .
rooney scored on his 100th appearance as england defeated slovenia 3-1 .'
former barcelona president was convicted of bribing tax officials in 2011 .
` victory ' comes six months after mohamed went on the run in a burka .
 england lost 16-12 to australia in the four nations last weekend .
 graeme souness laments brian kennedy not taking control of rangers .
catalan giants barcelona are keen on signing koke or lars bender .
 cesc fabregas has been withdrawn from the spain squad .
sweden and italy also feature in gareth southgate 's side group .
marseille 's giannelli imbula was then sent with just over 10 minutes remaining for a tackle on yohan cabaye .
he was freed from prison earlier this month after serving half of sentence .
 victor matfield calls ireland defeat ' a wake-up call for us ' .
 tulsa , oklahoma couple sarah and andy justice struggled to conceive and decided ivf was too expensive .
now he has changed surname to salvador and claims to be peaceful artist .
48 practices in bristol opted into the local scheme offering the # 200 bonus .
 jimmy floyd hasselbaink takes charge of first burton game .
also used his hands to seemingly convey the gravity of ebola epidemic .
the former bolton striker has been bailed until april 13 , 2015 .
 eric moger had a large part of his face removed after developing a tumour .
 nicole green 's cat poppy is one of 1.3 m uk cats and dogs with dementia .
half of all cats aged over 15 suffer from dementia , and 41 per cent of dogs aged over 14 .
sneijder had played in holland 's six previous matches in brazil .
 argentina defeated in world cup final in extra-time by germany , 1-0 .
 bbc and itv both showed excellent montages of the best moments .
bbc also smashed itv in ratings war as 16.7 million watched beeb .
germany were joined for the dressing room celebrations by chancellor merkel and president joachim gauch .
blames football administrators and thinks it is a national problem .
he could be fit to face germany in friday 's world cup quarter-final .
robin van persie is louis van gaal 's captain , robben vice captain .
inspiration came from how a young neymar sprayed boots gold .
and the 29-year-old could still race in next year 's tour .
ward 's deal ends next season , delaney at the end of this campaign .
 england lock horns with scotland at celtic park on tuesday evening .
jagielka hoping the 28-year-old striker has an ` off day ' on tuesday\xc3\x82 .
 holland play mexico in a friendly before facing latvia in crucial qualifier .
 henrik larsson has stepped down despite avoiding relegation .
 newcastle mike ashley owner has extended his rangers loan to # 3million .
team must decide if jenson button or kevin magnussen partners him .
valdes ' representatives were at united 's carrington hq on thursday .
 san marino hold estonia to a 0-0 draw to earn a point in group e .
elsewhere in group e , switzerland beat liechtenstein 4-0 after england win .'
 wayne rooney knows why cristiano ronaldo did what he did in 2006 .
before his 100th cap rooney admits he would do the same for england .
 danny graham has joined championship club wolves on loan .
 officials from the ligue 1 club met arsene wenger in august .
fifa criticised england for chasing the vote of vice-president jack warner .
law enforcement source told tmz case ` has been raised to top of the list '
winfried sturm , erhardt 's former physics teacher , warned of overworking .
 mexico lost 3-2 to belarus in borisov on tuesday night .
 united no 1 david de gea is a major doubt after dislocating his finger .
anders lindegaard has not featured in a competitive game this season .
with his last appearance coming in a 4-0 win over newcastle in april .
 rafa benitez backs liverpool to get out of this season 's slump .
 rohit sharma hit 264 for india against sri lanka in their odi clash .
 scotland were defeated 21-15 by tonga two seasons ago .
josh papalii comes into the starting line-up and takes the number 10 shirt .
steven fletcher and john o'shea both play for sunderland .
lee mcculloch scored in the 78th minute to give rangers the lead .
 rangers star lewis macleod can now face alloa in scottish championship .
 liverpool played real madrid at the bernabeu on tuesday night .
 liverpool were humbled 3-0 by real madrid in their champions league clash .
 tottenham signed deandre yedlin in january , but loaned him back to mls .
corey anderson took the only wicket of the day as new zealand toiled .'
his current manchester united deal expires in 2018 .
his friend francis jeffers played for arsenal at the time .
united can ask the premier league to name valdes in senior squad .'
northampton winger george north opened the scoring with wales ' first try after six minutes .
it is believed that her final sex change operation has been cancelled .'
and spotlight has been updated to answer questions using context .
 fee proposed at # 1 per room per night on all hotels and b&b s .
francesco acerbi made his debut as a second-half substitute .
the defender was diagnosed with testicular cancer in june 2013 .
and was told by doctors it had returned in december the same year .
argentina ace is training at manchester city 's carrington base this week .
mcdaniel was jailed for 10 years in 2004 for aggravated child molestation .
liverpool and manchester united also interested in the 25-year-old .'
 sandro joined qpr from tottenham in the summer for # 10million .
 gareth southgate 's under-21 side have won last 11 games .
the 42-year-old is still under investigation by the fa .'
each basket comes with baby toys and an information pack on condition .
 marcos rojo has made seven appearances for manchester united .
but sinclair has played just 17 times for the premier league champions .
 novak djokovic beat kei nishikori 6-1 , 3-6 , 6-0 at the o2 arena in london .
mominul haque scored an unbeaten 131 for the hosts of just 189 balls .
 somerset batsman nick compton is keen on returning to london .
but james haskell is adamant england should be winning more matches .
 leonardo ulloa wants greater fight from leicester after southampton defeat .
pardew admits to pushing players to the limit after poor star to season .
 gareth mcauley is yet to play for west brom in the league this season .
 manchester city captain missed the 2-2 draw against qpr at the weekend .
vincent kompany wo n't play for belgium against iceland .
man city will be looking to bounce back from champions league defeat .
his contract at old trafford expires at the end of the season .
 the bulgarian football association have sacked luboslav penev .
penev was in charge for three years , after replacing lothar matthaus .
the brit tweeted that he will compete at the ghent six day races .'
croatia confirm he should be out for around three months .
podolski said it is more competitive than in germany or spain .
 david moyes was appointed new manager of real sociedad on monday .
moyes was replaced by roberto martinez at goodison park .'
 phil bardsley limped off during stoke 's 2-1 win against tottenham .
47-year-old looked downcast as he put the bins out outside home in poole .
marussia driver remains at the mie general medical centre in yokkaichi .'
 david moyes should have taken the vacant celtic job .
 kristin beck - formerly chris - addressed a conference in d.c. monday .
said that she thought she had a good relationship with moreta folch .
but these triples have become the first to survive to 100 days old and are now preparing to be put on display .'
diego costa is expected to play , despite being absent from spain squad .
sagna spent seven years with arsenal before moving to manchester .
the 25-year-old converted from rugby league to rugby union last month .
 jean-marc conrad has quit after ` unfair ' allegations of match-fixing .
 wayne hennessey has been in fine form for wales this season .
 results based on a survey from yougov who asked 321 swansea fans .
 swansea city fifth in premier league after 2-1 win over arsenal on sunday .
 results based on a survey from yougov who asked 177 west brom fans .
elsewhere , borussia dortmund travel to paderborn in need of another win .
last month google leaked a glimpse of the device in an official video .
regular no 1 david de gea likely to miss the game with a dislocated finger .
 england under 16s take on scotland at huish park on thursday night .
keven mealamu will return when new zealand take on wales on saturday .
 luis suarez has returned to training after his international duty .
 russia and qatar have been cleared to hold the 2018 and 2022 world cups .
bernstein believes england could not influence fifa on their own .
degale says groves has ` always ' been in his shadow as a boxer .
jan vertonghen hopes spurs can go on and win the competition .
the young defenders stepped in for leighton baines and glen johnson .
van gaal admitted , ' i can laugh ' at the end of the game .
 callum smith beats nikola sjekloca by unanimous decision in liverpool .
craig bryson sealed the win for derby with strike in the 81st minute .
rapist must have regular meetings with offender manager in the uk .
cristiano ronaldo has scored 23 goals in 17 games for real this term .'
mario balotelli has not scored for liverpool in the premier league .'
 england face samoa in autumn international on saturday .
after switching codes , ford won trophies with leicester tigers before leaving to join bath rugby .'
daley blind damaged knee ligaments on international duty with holland .
michael carrick faces a late fitness test before emirates showdown .
 the belgium international has become chelsea 's number one keeper .
chelsea are top of the premier league , unbeaten after 11 matches .
 la liga giants valencia could be sued by american publisher dc comics .
 liverpool have had a disappointing start to the season , and sit 11th .
penalties from cipriani and evans had the score level at the break .
 19-year-old norwegian skier johan berg high-fived his friend while mid-air .
stunt performed with help of berg 's friend and olympian , aleks aurdal .
 breathtaking images of britain 's wildlife at its finest were shortlisted for a woodland trust photography competition .
 lukas podolski ` not happy ' with a lack of arsenal opportunities .
 championship side set to swoop for danny graham .
the striker has scored five time for arsenal , and the same for england .
the 28-year-old believes they are capable of forming a clinical partnership .'
 mothers who interact with their babies speed up their language skills .
they need to raise # 15,000 or he will be buried or cremated in thailand .
 malky mackay was named new manager of wigan athletic on wednesday .
the referee sent pearce off , and peter whittingham converted .
 labour mp karl turner has called on prime minister david cameron .
 mauricio pochettino accepts responsibility tottenham 's poor form .
michael dawson left the club after nine years to join hull this summer .
danny welbeck admits to tough time at manchester united .
 malky mackay was appointed as wigan athletic boss on wednesday .
pietersen said he would coach sessions in schools .
james neesham and trent boult took important wickets .'
jordan took seven wickets in the final test against india last summer .'
it provoked a brilliant reaction from button which was caught on camera .
 manny pacquiao will fight american chris algieri on saturday in macau .
fixture will take place at blackpool 's bloomfield road .
 lee mossop will enjoy a second spell at wigan warriors .
josh hodgson smashed a door , and was caught on camera .
farnham won the women 's title beating whittington heath 4-1 .
mcilroy has already won european tour 's race to dubai .
the win kept the dolphins in playoff contention .
the former glamour model and team-mate tony jardine finished 47th .
todd and jardine suffered crash on opening day at wales rally gb .'
 glenn whelan an option for stoke , having recovered from broken leg .
sean dyche said everybody at the club now ` feels better about life ' .
 andy robertson stood out in scotland 's ties against ireland and england .
reading and board games are included in their favourite hobbies .
nathaniel clyne made england debut against slovenia .
coates has been charged with misconduct by the football association .
 nathan cleverly and tony bellew go toe-to-toe on saturday night .
groves was twice defeated by wba and ibf champion carl froch before returning to winning ways against christopher rebrasse in september .
the all blacks trained at the millennium stadium the day before the showdown .
charlie webster quit as patron of the club in protest .
but clive tyldesley mistook the arsenal man for wayne rooney .
mancini admits that he ` never thought of returning ' to inter milan .
toure has not hit top form so far with manchester city this season .'
 tony bellew and nathan cleverly will face each other on saturday .
 phelps comes in seventh during 100m freestyle final at u.s nationals .
 arsenal drew 3-3 with anderlecht in champions league on tuesday night .
newcastle supporters are great company , especially down the pub .
yaya toure phoned the young girl and also spoke to her father .
button and magnussen still in limbo over future with the team .
 lionel messi led argentina to the world cup final this summer .
vicente del bosque is trying to re-shape his team .
 real madrid midfielder isco puts spain ahead in huelva with a wonderful goal on 18 minutes .
england boss roy hodgson was furious with his player .'
redknapp believes working under a director of football is ` nonsense '
zieler made his professional debut for northampton against walsall in 2009 .
 brazil face austria at the ernst happel stadium in a friendly on tuesday .
on podolski , wenger said , ' i am the one who fixes the prices '
 neymar returned to barcelona training last week .
portugal travel to manchester to face argentina at old trafford on tuesday .'
 wayne rooney understands why cristiano ronaldo did what he did in 2006 .
 tottenham stuggled to replace the real star according to nacer chadli .
argentine also has his son 's name on his other arm .
former manchester city boss took his first training sessions with the team .
italy boss antonio conte insists : ` we must remain as a squad '
both croatia and italy had to cancel their training sessions on the pitch .
bale says ` any result was a fantastic performance from us ' in brussels .
 lukas podolski has struggled for appearances at arsenal this season .
 england ace raheem sterling was substituted in the 85th minute .
the londoner insists it is an ` inevitability ' that he will be world champion .
 dereck chisora faces tyson fury at the excel arena on november 29 .
xavi believes they have what it takes to play for barcelona .
 everton duo show off their skills with charity mascot .
it features behind-the-scenes footage from german camp out in brazil .
madrid no 2 has followed carlo ancelotti to chelsea and psg .
 england will face scotland in a friendly at celtic park on tuesday night .
fc aarau 's sandro wieser was shown a straight red card for the offence .
fabricio coloccini doubled the lead for the magpies just after the 60-minute mark .
it includes unseen footage of the former winger 's time at old trafford .
 rangers win 2-1 on tuesday morning in canada during pre-season tour .
veteran flanker captained all blacks to world cup glory in 2011 .
sportsmail lists the 10 greatest sporting captains of all time .
 stuart lancaster 's england side practice scrummaging during training on wednesday morning .
 new zealand skipper richie mccaw is in line to start against wales .
the frenchman won the premier league twice during his time at arsenal .
the 22-year-old said he 's talked to arsene wenger about playing there .
wayne rooney scored twice to move on to 46 international goals .
roy hodgson 's side arrived to pantomime boos from a small crowd .
those who are more religious used more generalised sex terms , it found .
 chris algieri goes toe-to-toe with manny pacquiao on saturday in macau .
 incident occurred during cage-dive in gansbaai , south africa .
region known as ` shark alley ' for its large great white population .
sam winnall , for example , inspired barnsley 's victory over bradford .
 shaun maloney scored the winner for scotland in the 74th minute with a stunning curling strike .
platini returned his , but dyke plans to send his to auction .
the toulon lock was cited for kicking ulster 's stuart olding .
 quade cooper and will genia played together in a victory against wales .
england 's autumn internationals will be shown until at least 2020 .
it was taylor 's 13th full-time start on his first season on the pga tour .
he is the first canadian to win on the tour since stepehn ames in 2009 .
 tom watson reveals tiger woods could miss out on the us ryder cup team .
police said alcohol is believed to have been involved in the accident .
 pietersen questioned whether carberry should be in england side .
however , carberry said on twitter that pair get on well .
 george ford to play at no 10 with owen farrell set for no 12 against samoa in autumn internationals .
arsenal 's alex-oxlade-chamberlain , calum chambers and jack wilshere are still eligible .
a truck driving in front of it lost a mattress .
la lakers endure their worst start in more than half a century .
couple were shocked when the charred rodent squeaked and jumped out .
but none were actually canonised , so many have been stripped of honours .'
 buffalo restaurateur louis billittier jr. called off his engagement to his 38-year-old ex-fiancee in a text message after she refused to sign a prenuptial agreement .
borussia dortmund refused the move after an offer from the spaniards .
the newcastle squad will be rewarded with a festive trip to amsterdam .
 jack wilshere picked up the injury against manchester united on saturday .
` pop and jiggle ' round does n't allow dancers to move their feet .
image was posted by his british mother , who appears to be proud of him .
 china to implement new restrictions on coal imports to reduce pollution .
however , one expert says we 'd be better off upping our five-a-day to seven .
m&s has launched chia seeds products , including bread and pitta .
he said his reputation will be enhanced once he becomes prime minister .
it is low-calorie , fat-free and full of vitamins a and c for skin and hair health .
 sean abbott was one of the first to help injured phil hughes .
abbott and his teammates are receiving counselling from cricket australia .
comes complete with a colossal master bedroom and dozens of mod cons .
the 23-year-old and david miller were bludgeoned to death on september 15 .
 paige chivers vanished in suspicious circumstances in august 2007 .
this followed a row with her father at home in blackpool , lancashire .
however , judge turned bid down and mngeni has now died behind bars .'
midfielder benjamin stambouli had been interesting swansea and fiorentina .
 ukip leader says ` swing for europe ' ahead of golf showdown tomorrow .
sterling 's estranged wife , wants to retain her ownership in the clippers .
 death of klinghoffer opera drew protests when staged at ny metropolitan opera last week .
the market had been on a downward track after four weeks of declines .'
wassef hassoun faces a .
the case .
 drug was escitalopram , marketed in uk as cipralex and lexapro in the u.s.  is an ssri , which boosts levels of ` feel good ' chemical serotonin in the brain .
but dutch researchers noted significant changes in the brain in three hours .
 alyssa funke , who wanted to be an .
 england and canada played out a 2-2 draw in bournemouth friendly .
his father is brad kroenig , a longtime chanel model .
 samuel lee cooper , 25 , of harrogate , n yorks , banned for 18 months .
sportsmail understands roberto mancini has been offered the job .
 ferguson claims rooney 's agent paul stretford asked david gill for move .
 juan francisco saenz-tamez , 23 , faces up to life in prison after being arrested in texas .
 mcmanaman believes gareth bale excelled this year for madrid .
this ruling could mean it has to scrap this connector , but only in the eu .'
 jean davies , right-to-die campaigner from oxford , had chronic health issues .
mrs smith was prescribed medication for acute gastroenteritis .
her symptoms , including cramps and diarrhoea , continued for 12 days .'
mertesacker was tasked with turning quicker than a pink of milk .
there were no injuries , but residents have been told to keep windows closed .
 reporter harriet morter used sham marriage fixer to meet indian ` fiance ' ali .
camilla is a former miss sweden with no academic qualifications .
 a new report claims that law enforcement sources feel that actor stephen collins will not be charged for allegedly molesting underage victims .
goeuro reported an immediate boost to bookings post-referendum .
her father , prince albert ii of monaco , attended a fashion show back in monte carlo instead .
car then burst into flames as it came to rest , but russian driver jumped out .
the 73-hectare property is the perfect spot for a peaceful get-away .
but the jury will not listen to the music , but compare the songs on paper .
 apology issued on saturday from same account that sent threats .
the officer was checking on a community center at the time .
 arsenal manager arsene wenger turns 65 on wednesday .
 romelu lukaku opened the scoring with his 21st goal in 50 appearances for everton .
 manchester united stars wayne rooney and darren fletcher attended chester races .
inspectors found her kitchen and dog cages covered in animal faeces .
his supporters heckled the judge at southwark crown court .
mother thinks digestive issues and mars bars during pregnancy are to blame .
david dan doran did not pay mr simester for his 15-hour long days .
he was jailed for four and a half years by cardiff crown court .
finance minister mathias cormann lashed out at shorten in response .
united are scheduled to play inter milan in a friendly in america on july 29 .
 franc cano and steven gordon were arrested in april following the murders .
 route would begin in north east china and run through part of siberia .
mistake .
but around noon on thursday , she was found in the woods by a police dog .
about 20 tiles blew from the roof of her council home and into her yard .
 heavily pregnant emma cave , 25 went for a whopping cough vaccination .
she was ` constantly worrying ' from that point and had many hospital checks .
but former new york mayor will not travel to buckingham palace .
man has been released on bail until november after being questioned .
the cause of the fire is under investigation , and police are treating is as suspicious .
the images were collated by british artist ossian brown for his new book .'
takes comment awards sports commentator of the year gong on tuesday .
 royal commission hears evidence from aha , a victim of paedophile pastor frank houston .
 the 16-month-old has ` at least ' five strollers worth nearly $ 1k each .
slimming down has left the actress with masses of excess skin .
 serial attention-seeker andrew davies , 51 , is banned from deliberately falling .
 food regulators in denmark have overturned a three-year ban on marmite .
 sadly many girls still think of periods as dirty or shameful .
a report from melbourne grammar school describes a conversation between father , david hardy and the headmaster .
the 21-year-old was killed in a brutal attack at 1.10 am on saturday outside a mcdonald 's outlet in melbourne .
 two topless boys punch and kick each other through tears on street .
at least six adults video the fight and stand by laughing and cheering .
the image was taken in 2010 during a magazine photoshoot at his home .
the last time austria won , england lifted the world cup the same year .
scolari is preparing his brazil side for the world cup on home soil .
one brigade admits the public are in a ` vulnerable position ' during strike .
police in london will escort fire engines but will not help put out any blazes .
 professor gennadij raivich appeared to be the embodiment of respectability .
rice has filed a formal grievance with the team , arguing that under nfl bylaws he should have only been given a two-game suspension .
 australian real estate analysts burst the bubble on housing myths .
michael walters said : ` sometimes there is doubt about where they come from , and what age they are ' .
the animal is then hosed off the deck of the ship and back into the water .'
red bull 's sebastian vettel stopped on track with an electrical problem .
 children were walking to elementary school in guanxi province , south china .
sebastien ` caveman ' chabal retires a truly french hero .
murray plays left-handed austrian jurgen melzer in third round .
 abbey is lead role in the silent movie , directed by james brown .
 skye turner and tammin butt both gave birth 14 weeks early to baby boys .
both born at 26 weeks , twin sisters suffered from early onset pre-eclampsia .
unite and royal college of midwives both warn there could be more strikes .
 romelu lukaku not wanted by boss jose mourinho .
he throttled her for at least 30 seconds in a ` cruel and merciless ' attack .
former governor marie bashir to speak at funeral on saturday .
snowden is hiding in moscow under tight security with his girlfriend .'
 new itv breakfast show premiered on monday morning .
main complaints from viewers were that susanna 's legs were hidden behind a desk .
 the terror-group has demanded a ransom for an american aid worker kidnapped from syria last year .
ransom comes a week after u.s. journalist james foley was beheaded in a propaganda video for isis .
lionel messi had played in a world cup by his 19th birthday .
champion jockey mccoy has never seen kereight king run .
nigerian-born medic was struck off by the general medical council in uk .
 mr fraser paid tribute for his former rival and later friend gough whitlam .
she reached in to the squatting toilet hole to reach them , but got stuck .
 australians may no longer have to pay $ us35 tourist visa for indonesia .
fabio borini says international break will help liverpool bounce back .'
 sailors from the returning hmas sydney are ordered not to walk the streets in uniform .
roofer pleaded guilty and was handed two 12-month suspended sentences .
comes months after he was jailed for a similar crime involving 73-year-old .
temperature responsive paint will make icy conditions visible to drivers .
he left barefoot and joined his girlfriend at a nearby party until 2.20 am .
laura was born on a boat in new zealand and has only lived on land for one year of her life .
the 20-year-old covered the pair in petrol and then threw matches at them .
walsh wanted to quit last year but was tempted back by a # 1m deal .
the 70-year-old 's historic and daring escapade lasted about 25 minutes .
the ship will be skipping its final stop in cozumel , mexico , friday and will return to texas on sunday .'
previous complaints by public about officer 's ` intolerance and impoliteness ' .
jailed for six months after mr small was left bleeding and with spinal swelling .
bizarre wax figurines bear little resemblance to the royal originals .
 a remote-controlled bomb was detonated as the bus carried soldiers to work .
as of monday morning , 80,000 were still without power across the state .
 tina nash was pounced on by 18st thug shane jenkin while she was asleep .
 harold teshima was knocked unconscious after 4lb coconut fell on his head .
said hit ` could have been fatal ' and that trees should have been trimmed .
the johnston atoll is 700 miles southwest of honolulu , hawaii , and 3,300 miles from fukushima .
they also included a control group who had no calorie or gi restrictions .
this made the driver more aware of the road - and safer .
ferdinand won six premier league titles and one champions league .
daughter launched online campaign and shamed council bosses into u-turn .
their chevrolet truck was driven into by a jeep travelling at 55 mph .
 jason rutt , 29 , allegedly burgled three homes on acorn court , california .
he was caught following a 13-hour search by pacific grove police officers .
 chaya zissel braun was thrown from her stroller and killed .
eight people were injured , including the girl 's parents .
she is said to be at the top of the criminal underworld tree in the town .
tom lawrence caught the eye with well-taken early goal .
 the seaside village of oystermouth , swansea , has celebrated the return of oysters almost a century after the shellfish were wiped out .
staff at south lakes safari zoo in cumbria have yet to track down critters .
 protesters defy deadline to leave the streets and some 25 remain outside the hong kong government 's headquarters .
 luis suarez says he loves liverpool and wo n't be leaving this summer .
doctors acknowledged importance of patients ' families for recovery .
 david cameron condemns labour for walking out on negotiations .
but christmas trucks make only a brief appearance in commercial .
 spencer has spent the past two weeks in a boot camp in ibiza .
 nemanja vidic says man united players argued with each other this season .
pensioner from hampshire lost his wife to alzheimer 's three years ago .
 british no 1 meets nadal in italian open quarter-final .
scot defeated jurgen melzer in third round while nadal saw off mikhail youzhny .'
he was the last soldier to leave camp bastion in afghanistan on monday .
of the 453 british troops who have died in the conflict , 35 were teenagers .
 abbey , 27 , and karen , 53 , fronting cherish fragrance campaign .
 taylor almond , 16 , has been missing since october 12 .
 a lady from honolulu wrote to neil armstrong in before his moon mission .
qualifying for the champions league was more important than fa cup .
sheffield wednesday winger royston drenthe said he was ` ready for war ' after purchasing the latest edition of call of duty .
liverpool ladies star is close to becoming england 's most capped player .
dr peter piot , co-discover of ebola , agrees with who report .
says who acted far too slowly , and its africa office is ` really not competent ' .
lars veldwijk is a target for newly-promoted leicester city .
ruddy knows he must leave norwich to stay in roy hodgson 's thoughts .
 former family home of convicted melbourne crime boss is on the market , asking $ 1.23 million .
thirty-one british rail posters are worth an estimated # 90,000 .
 australian council of social service reveals australia 's poverty is growing .
18-month-old escaped from nearby farm where he was staying temporarily .
louis van gaal watched on intently on tuesday .
appeared ` apologetic ' and offered to give the homeowner some heroin .
he took pictures moments after their nest was destroyed by loggers .
despite their misfortune , they climbed a reed and appeared to laugh .
kalleen pointed him to the correct part of the metropolitan transportation authority 's rules of conduct , which showed he was allowed to be there .
each robot balances on top of a ball - similar to weeble toys .
 axe was sold at london auction for # 132,000 in april despite # 8k guide price .
she knew the condition would be passed to any children she had in future .
some of the men fought in napoleon 's elite imperial guard .
held nuptials in a luxurious celebration in palm beach , florida .
replaced wayne rooney during england 's 3-0 win over peru .
the botched execution was blamed on new lethal injection protocols .
it took the artist seven months to stitch together almost 4,000 grocery items .
throws herself to ground before burying her own head in sand .
secondary tumours were growing in his lungs and he had six months to live .
 unidentified man was seen at the window of a spanish ebola isolation ward .
a suspected ebola patient in brazil has tested negative for the condition .'
 david southwood , 53 , is moving 50 miles in order to receive life-saving drugs .
drug axitinib is not yet available on nhs in wales - but is free in england .
the 42-year-old changed his name to sean jeffrey to work as vocal coach .
` lilly won .
earlier this year wright 's dog mauled 11-month-old ava-jayne to death .
 john chapman allegedly fought with his girlfriend jennifer o'gallagher when they were getting dressed in their halloween costumes .
when selling the house they stipulated it should remain so for 500 years .
 brian weyhenmeyer , 32 , ` repeatedly drove over his wife in suv ' .
the springboks trained at the venue on friday and looked in relaxed mood .
gopro hero 3 + was used and it was silvin 's first time using it in surf .
the victim is male and underage .
 italian scientists found drug improved health of men with certain conditions .
the youngster , who is yet to be named , is expected to make its debut next week .'
researchers warn people must not attempt ` home brew ' capsules .
 jacqueline laurent-auger appeared in some small-time erotic films as a young actress in paris in the 1960s and 70s .
recently some students tracked down her films on imdb .
 dame maggie was ` besieged ' by american fans while filming in paris .
counsel said that she most likely did receive money from the slush fund for her home renovations in 1990 .'
t-shirt designed by acclaimed designer giles deacon .'
he dressed decomposing bodies and skeletons in stockings and dresses .
catapulted to overnight fame , he received a $ 375,000 book deal and continues to do voice over work for kraft .
 iranian authorities release image to justify detention of london graduate .
former morrisons treasurer and head of tax was arrested in december 2013 .
 google super app makes a note of information from your online searches .
 scotland yard release efit of burglar who threatened to stab a 15-month-old .
last night , police arrested and charged neighbor charles black .
black said he was with russ , left the house , came back and ` he was dead ' .
two incoming flights turned around before the mistake was discovered .
she is set to climb mountain again as part of a 35-strong team next year .
 wilkinson will hang up his boots after the french top 14 final .
after firing at police , an office worker persuaded him to surrender .
she was 24 weeks pregnant when waters broke and contractions started .
 waasland-beveren boss appointed as new addicks boss .
 british airways announces sound bite soundtrack for long-haul flights .
club statement demands ` more entertainment next season ' .
newsreader sat down around 30 seconds into the lunchtime bulletin .
we should ` let food be our medicine ' dr norton argues .
` disappointing ' head of children 's services was paid # 318,500-a-year .
three eateries from london heathrow feature .'
 ronaldo pulls out ahead of real madrid 's final game of the season .
 girl , three , was playing with brother , four , at their home in lorain , ohio .
his sister , who was shot in head , was airlifted to hospital in cleveland .
 australia launches first air strikes against the islamic state .
 carmen ` butchie ' d'amato , 62 , and rita d'amato , 36 , arrested on friday .
captured on surveillance camera attacking a homeless man , police said .
 worker for langley glazing taped himself shouting ` hadouken ' at colleague .
the sheet was undamaged even after being dropped on bricks and tarmac .
rhino shield does not affect a phone 's touchscreen sensitivity .
said savile commented on her ` lovely ' hair before he raped her .
she told court she cut her hair short within weeks of the incident .
emergency call handler answered , but the line mysteriously cut out .
the patient , who has not been named , was volunteering in sierra leone .
she also referred to mr. braley as a ` marine corps veteran , however it is his father who holds that title .
after the fire was extinguished they found a puppy that appeared to be dead .
designs exceeded kickstarter goal and will be in production soon .'
essex police spokesman said incident was due to a ` loss of communication ' .
 tracie gave up work as a fork-lift driver to care for her father bob .
dropped from size 30 and 24st to a size 10 and 11st in just a year .
failed to examine customer 's signature to confirm their identity .
he had been helping himself to sage and onion stuffing from buffet table .
rotundo , who worked as an internal technology resident for google in california , was arrested on october 4 for cyberstalking the woman .
her son from a previous marriage , harald quandt , inherited a huge fortune .
 dias kadyrbayev , 20 , made the admission in federal court thursday .
 marcus jeter , 30 , was stopped at a traffic stop in new jersey in 2012 .
 aristocrat is claiming benefits and and has ` tried to become a lorry driver ' .
use spiked after local police arrested several journalists during unrest .'
 christopher lane was shot in the back as he jogged in duncan , oklahoma , in august .
against some protesters who pelted them with rocks and bottles late .
police held a press conference sunday morning , explaining that the victim was killed after getting into an altercation with an officer .
 unidentified officer hospitalized with ` facial swelling ' after shooting .
 nicci is now 56 and all her children are in their 20s .
 deborah talbot says her family have been forced to live in her partner 's car .
say they have nowhere else to go after their home was repossessed .
preliminary results from first autopsy show 18-year-old died of gunshot wounds , but did not reveal how many times he was hit .
 local police chief michael pimentel was twice shot outside a home in elmendorf , texas , on saturday morning .
the suspect , joshua lopez , is now in custody and facing a capital murder charge .
fbi has confirmed it has interviewed the man who recorded audio .
officer wilson claims he felt his life was threatened on august 9 .
lancaster .
 the former manchester united boss was nominated by brazilian anderson .
 alex salmond 's long-serving number two only candidate to succeed him .
ceremony was held for the death of his best friend , dylan napolitan .
the little dude is being rehabilitated at the australian reptile park .
` i 'm an easy-going guy , if you like me , vote for me , ' mr nkamba said .
 michael crowe , 23 , had barely functioning heart before making miracle recovery on his own .'
 yesterday was uk 's hottest halloween on record hitting staggering 23.5 c .
sources claim she has cancelled trip to portsmouth , hampshire , on monday .
kate , 32 , who is pregnant with second child , is still suffering from sickness .
 alan knight , 47 , conned his 86-year-old neighbour out of # 40,000 .
attempts to bring him to justice failed when he admitted himself to hospital .
the 27-year-old had just returned from his third tour of duty in afghanistan .
 female soldier pictured displaying leg tattoo of six-shooter pistol in oxford .
royal navy submariner paul reynolds , 36 , left permanently disabled .
 inflation in september was 2.2 per cent which will decide the rate of increase in benefits and pensions .
player had medical at liverpool spire hospital before travelling to melwood .'
jamieson faced an out-of-sessions hearing on thursday night .
jamieson also told 000 operators : ' i just killed three people ' .
the officer allegedly directed the woman to molest her one-year-old child .
 jacqueline sparks lost her unborn daughter and her ability to fall pregnant .
 judge thokozile masipa ordered assessments to start next monday .
pistorius will report to weskoppies psychiatric hospital as an outpatient .
 joe hart reveals he 'll take inspiration from david seaman at the world cup .
at the pre-wedding dinner she wore a red printed alexander mcqueen dress .
 pictures taken by close friend kerry smith during their time at university .
it is in ` amazing ' condition and is said to be the image of a local deity .
other finds include the carved heads of male and female gods .
experts have speculated these heads may be greek gods attis and cybele .
chris jordan took five for 29 in matchwinning performance .
atletico madrid boss simeone charge is in relation to a confrontation with real defender raphael varane .
the unknown man takes a leap and managed to land .
 more than 300 people died in the ferry disaster in south korea in april .
pilot landed the plane with less than the ` final reserve ' level of fuel .
glaucoma is caused by a build up of pressure within the eye .
this causes damage to the optic nerve which can lead to blindness .
it is not known what caused the fire .
 hart and the england squad will train in portugal and miami to prepare for brazil 's climate .
qpr may be hit with fine even if they are promoted .
ramsey has proved them all wrong with stellar form this season .'
 micheal squier , 18 , said the model tied him up and beat him at her home .
there are now 2,500 illegal immigrants in the port on the french coast .
 ratio of wealth to income in the united states is now at a ` worrying ' 6.5 .
 saturday 's heineken cup final is jonny 's last game in britain before he retires .
after losing his balance the man continuously clings onto railing .
suspect reportedly the same man who attacked jonathan cheban in may .
he was leaving a brooklyn sushi restaurant when he was followed by a man .
had previously told doctor he was bullied over his sexuality in sixth-form .
vtv3 which broadcast the episode said it was ` an accident ' to show it .
 stefan sortland , 18 , allegedly took ` molly ' -lrb- ecstasy -rrb- at a halloween concert .
men sprayed ammonia into his fiancee 's eyes so she could not identify them .
the 25-year-old missed out on the world cup after season-ending injury .
they initially thought it was halloween joke , but then vessel lost power .
 jason garrels was electrocuted at a construction site in 2012 .
 bacary sagna finalised his free transfer to the etihad on monday .
 matthew upson has agreed a one-year-deal with leicester city .
 rona fairhead , who will be paid # 110,000 a year , started work today .
email to all bbc staff confirms that she will be chairman not chairwoman .'
jose mourinho , hugh grant and will young were among stars in the crowd .
toulon are the current defending heineken cup champions .
 mcdonald 's australia 's pop-up currently in federation square , melbourne .
mobile restaurant will travel to the gold coast , sydney , adelaide and perth .
bags worth up to almost $ 20,000 - including the iconic birkin - are affected .
he also criticised mr jones for leaving his kids in his helicopter with the engine running and racing his brother-in-law on a jet ski .
thick-strapped style comes in a choice of nude or black .
 americans matthew and grace huang of los angeles were convicted in qatar of child endangerment .
 raheem sterling and antonio valencia were both sent off in the 79th minute after a poorly-timed tackle from the liverpool star .
 costa set to become a chelsea player before world cup .
couple 's can tie the knot on the helipad at dubai 's seven-star burj al arab .
 security personnel guarding players at luxury mandarin oriental hotel in city 's financial district .
the 22-year-old londoner describes her friend as ` in very good health ' .
sam allardyce 's future at the club has only just been cleared up .
mother-of-two said she will ` probably just concentrate on my family ' instead .
alison moyet sang for the guests , as did miss french 's daughter billie .
activists have been on streets for a month demanding election reform .'
zarate is married to argentinian model natalie weber .
manchester united tracking the long-time liverpool target .
 fernando torres is the fourth most marketable footballer on the planet .
toure says he wants to finish his career at barcelona .'
moreno .'
 new film will be set in 1944 and follows home guard 's attempts to out a spy .
prandelli will wait until june 2 to name his world cup squad .
england play italy at the world cup on june 14 .
sale of striker rickie lambert to liverpool confirmed .
an insider disputed the claim , telling us weekly it was all ` hearsay from unnamed sources ' .
liverpool looking to strengthen squad for champions league next season .
 cesc fabregas has been widely linked with a return to the premier league this summer .
welshman was caretaker boss of united for four matches last season .
 two years ago paul henry gingerich was convicted for his part in the murder of a friend 's stepfather .
the indiana court of appeals now says the juvenile court ` abused its discretion ' in gingerich 's case .
screams italian headline on riccardo montolivo injury .
keeps the blog anonymous so as to avoid the wrath of her dates .
haigh denies all allegations made against him but has been in custody for three nights .
 balotelli asks himself about past world cup memories and hopes for brazil .
eleven clippings seen as earliest examples of tabloid journalism are being sold at auction in cirencester , gloucester .
 series ten of the apprentice kicked off last night .
the two-handled cup called a skyphos was found north of thebes , greece .
this suggests the cup is one of the earliest replicas of greek astronomy .'
it was able to predict 70 per cent of the time how they were feeling .
only used a few products to create natural look .
clarke was visibly distressed during the press conference .
bayern munich 's schweinsteiger is looking for a new challenge .
roma 's kevin strootman is still in the thoughts of united .
victory crowned real madrid champions of europe for 10th time .
becomes the youngest-ever competitor at the us women 's open .
simeone squared up to raphael varane after cristiano ronaldo 's penalty .
spikes may hurt his tongue and he could choke if he takes the dentures out .
but if he leaves the dentures in he suffers throat and stomach problems .
23-year-old died after entering water ` while under the influence of alcohol ' .
said number plates on bikes would ` make life easier ' .
 david and wendy farnell have been granted custody of baby pipah .
they have since denied the claims and insist they were forced to flee .
 joseph b. galbraith received $ 1.5 million from credit suisse in january .
the bank realized two weeks later they 'd made a mistake .
 emily ruckle stopped at newark police station to thank the officers who saved her .
the exposure occurred between september 2013 and august 2014 .
move comes after latest round of potentially life-saving cancer treatment .
rousseff was the first woman in the office of president in brazil after winning in 2010 .
shows the miners relaxing after a hard day 's work and their hobbies such as dominoes and tending to racing pigeons .
chancellor explained uk would only pay # 850million instead of # 1.7 billion .
gillespie was the republican party 's chairman before becoming a candidate himself .
this was the first occasion mango cared for baby rabbits .'
it 's thought more than 100 beatles songs were written behind it .
 paul davidson , 58 , put 100 pink flags in dog poo outside his brighton home .
but added it is an issue the bbc has now woken up to in last few years .
 lateline host accuses hizb ut-tahrir spokesman wassim doureihi of failing to answer a single question in heated tv clash .
paying tribute , mr blair said he was ` privileged to have him as a dad '
 alastair smith was at a loss when it came to buying the right engagement ring for his girlfriend .
mrs dewani 's sister says she and shrien had a fight weeks before wedding .
i should have told her to break it off with him ' , mrs denborg says now .
128km swim could take up to 48 hours and has never been done before .
argues busy lifestyles and constant temptation to eat junk are the culprits .
after it was photographed and weighed it was set free in the deep river .
were discovered by doreen speight , who dated drummer between 1961-2 .
 almost 4 offenders a week allowed out to be taught how to drive .
was worsened by freud 's friend tony blair 's friendship with wendi deng .
 sabrina zunich was arrested following the murder of lisa knoefel in 2012 .
 methodist minister paul flowers , 63 , caught on camera buying drugs .
counter-terrorism bosses dealing with ` extremely high ' number of investigations .
the macro photographs were captured in wetlands around the guastalla region of italy using a nikon d7100 .'
he was jailed for life today at the old bailey with a minimum of 25 years .'
the amusement , in niagara fall in ontario , canada , has run for 30 years .
eagles rejected offer from division rivals millwall .'
modric is happy in madrid but once wanted to join chelsea while at spurs .'
 sgt.
cubs did n't know what to make of the leaves at first but soon started playing .
coach keith downing said claims it was anti-semitic are ` absolute rubbish ' .
authorities have said they believe the girls are in real danger .'
for an extra # 1 punters can now have any meal served in half a loaf .
describes the stigma and discrimination he faced as ` horrendous '
survey was conducted by airline passenger experience foundation .'
 julie griffiths earned the nickname for loud rants at husband norman .
 number of serious incidents has risen from 34 in 2010 to 124 in the last year .
admir mehmedi equalises after being on the pitch for just 121 seconds .
police found a second child crying and locked in a dog kennel , covered in her own feces .
` accommodate ' , ` questionnaire ' and ` rhythm ' also cause headaches .
many blame spelling problems on rarely writing things down by hand .
davina has already seen huge success with her workout dvds .
got a call from susie wilson , 31 , thanksgiving 2011 saying ` i 'm your sister ' .
the comments come from mit-based planetary scientist dr sara seager .
he 'd also like his super bowl rings back .
 reagan beene ` shot himself on saturday and was found by his sister ' .
new pictures appear to show her with a gunshot wound .
ran at guard blocking bryan county jail exit in saturday visiting hours .
nobby outlook was built in 1966 and has been approached by developers for almost 30 years .
the bras are priced at # 24 and the briefs are # 12 each .'
 first lady valerie trierweiler is one of the most unpopular woman in france .
ireland striker has scored 65 goals in 137 appearances .'
his parents did not support the high court decision and are ` devastated ' .
but she had to move back to england for her degree - 240 miles away .
james , dwayne wade and chris bosh eligible for free agency .
 paige bilclough , 17 , has waived her right to anonymity to discuss her ordeal .
she was 15 when she was forced off the street at knifepoint by abdul miah .
quotes the bible as saying god created them as they are , gay or not .
 bethany jones , 18 , died in a crash on the way to a hen party in liverpool .
french players have won more medals -lrb- 103 -rrb- than any other foreign nation .'
moyes has been helped in his first week at the club by a translator .
junior game was held in the stadium but 20,000 were left empty .
sam allardyce has been criticised for his more direct brand of football .
he claims driver said ` my bus my rules ' and couple were ` not real men ' .
frein does not appear to be living off the land and police believe they have found and seized most of his supplies and ammunition .
martinez called keane 's claims ` nonsense ' and ` ridiculous .
 martin williams ' new restaurant m grill is the ` united nations of steak ' .
has already received more than one million hits on youtube .
players were greeted by soldiers as they boarded their team coach .
brazilian defender has been previously linked to manchester united .
 juan mata recalls being on the bench as andres iniesta won the 2010 world cup for spain .
sturridge is good in the dressing room and has the right attitude .
heart .
 meeting with the pentecostal church was held just before christmas 1999 .
 nico rosberg fastest in q3 with time of 1:14.874 in montreal .
vowles , 23 , was arrested by police and given suspended sentence .
judge called them ` woefully inadequate ' and ordered they pay son 's legal costs at court of protection today .
 louis bacon and peter nygard have been involved in decade-long legal spat .
midfielder announced on monday he would be leaving chelsea .
 lewis hamilton finished sixth in qualifying but won british grand prix .
dr volker framenau said spiders can not penetrate human skin .
 hamilton suffered brake failure in opening session and crashed at 165mph .
dwyer headbutted her and broke her nose , then hid in the shower when police arrived .
reigning world champions new zealand are out of the tournament .
fernando torres admits spain must now beat chile on wednesday .'
one-year-old lucy turner is now the internet celebrity of the week .
 tony abbott said the federal cabinet had approved combat flights in iraq .
colback joins st james ' park on a free transfer .
the 21-year-old was released from pro d2 side auch in france .
 england face canada in the final of the women 's rugby world cup .
schumacher has been taken out of induced coma and has left hospital .
tory peer lord ashcroft will draw up the new recommendations .
they then returned safely to a military base in dubai .
defence secretary forming ` pincer movement ' with iain duncan smith .
 boxing legend mike tyson voices himself in new adult swim cartoon series .
 steven reid available to be selected by burnley boss sean dyche .
 national newspaper reported that pietersen had returned gift .
new-look pairing kyle eastmond and brad barritt also prepare for untried partnership .
 new zealand defeated england 36-13 to complete test whitewash .
 have-a-go singers can ` donate ' their voices online .
 conference side dover beat morecambe 1-0 in the first round of the fa cup .
zico has questioned why players were crying during national anthems .
dozens of tory mps likely to back plan to extend restrictions for five years .
the stately queen mary ship , now docked in california , is said to be haunted .
at the jerome grand , arizona , guests have been ` touched ' in the night .
 cheryl is one of our most beautiful brits and insists on doing own make-up .
it was designed by michael bastian and will be sold through gilt.com .
unlike other devices , it does n't have a touchscreen or microphone .
when they arrived they found poison arrow in its leg , shot by poachers .
mississippi and alabama were the two worst out of the ten states .'
` mundo deportivo ' and ` sport ' both report that forward will leave liverpool .
remaining 182 passengers and 19 crew allowed to leave plane at 5.20 pm .
anderson took the wickets of sangakkara and thirimanne in one over .
in march 2007 he was found not guilty of murdering his mother , by slitting her throat in 2005 , by way of insanity .
but they were taken to the hospital following the severity of the crash .
 the sydney kings lion scored the shot for the third time in 20 years .
lucas callaghan , one half of the aussie pickers , valued a rusty trophy that he believes could be worth $ 125,000 .'
goals from jamie redknapp and kevin phillips drew england level .
they were ` wearing stop the violence t-shirts ' , had just come from protest .
liz was jealous when heard jemima khan is to become jemima goldsmith .
teaching union official described it as ` such an awful waste of public money ' .
she fears for baby 's safety , saying : ' i pray to god nothing happens to him ' .
england enter the tournament with low expectations .
energy giant has finally apologised to the pensioner for his treatment .
said she ` knew someone of the grand jury of this case ' .
manchester united forward must perform against uruguay on thursday .'
` there 's literally hundreds of emails , exceeding our wildest expectations ' .
 ronaldo trained on friday with the squad ahead of usa match .
she was walking alone near chester in the evening when attacker struck .
 device was found at forest park in portland , oregon .
former england defender rio ferdinand is acting as a bbc pundit in brazil and poses for picture .
sony action cam mini captures video as bird glides to the ground .
the cola-flavoured fizzy drink will first be launched in japan .'
when she returned she found her bedroom room was full of smoke .
huge rise on the 285,000 handed out in before the coalition was formed .
 ochoa was magnificent as mexico held brazil to a 0-0 draw in fortaleza .
brazil has history of stars scoring toe-poked goals .
liverpool striker says his knee is ` better '
 one of britain 's cheapest ever homes was sold for # 19,125 after being listed at a starting price for auction of just # 1 .
 england squad mocked up as the beatles on famous abbey road album cover by brazilian press .
icardi plays for inter milan and lopez for sampdoria .
she disappeared from her home in piedmont , oklahoma city , in april .
wayne rooney 's place in the england team had been questioned .
two inmates , gary smith , 49 , and lee newell , 45 , were serving life sentences .
she did n't think she ` contributed enough to the sport ' .
triathlon australia ceo anne gripper paid tribute to the star .
details about how the 16-year-old got to new york were not released .
tottenham star smashed 14 goals in 25 games last season .
kroos a transfer target for manchester united .'
 banega is a target for sunderland but pochettino is also interested .
tottenham are also keen on defenders ben davies and dejan lovren .
but he is my friend now ' .
 according to page six , beauty editor julie naughton ` freaked out ' and screamed at other attendees at the vip event .
mr justice moylan ruled it was in girl 's interests for adoption to be allowed .
good friends richard sherman and phil bates exchanged blows .
now he has conquered addiction and is setting up a gambling charity .'
 millard call penalty on himself five days later .
 hart says he has been watching videos of uruguay 's strikers .
starla clooney reveals actor 's parents are traveling to italy in week to help with plans for star 's wedding to amal .
the pair will be key to the toffees ' success in europa league .
 england lost 2-1 to uruguay after luis suarez scored twice for the south americans .
kate , william and prince george spent a whirlwind 10 days in australia .
locals said pascolini ` always causing problems and shouting at neighbours '
 messi will seek to emulate pele and maradona .
pierson is a 30-year veteran of the secret service ; she said resigning with her agency in tatters was ` the noble thing to do ' .
twelve boys pull the glider along by a rope while running down a hill .
 roy hodgson 's gamble on playing sterling paid off .
 pint pulling machine at kansai international airport in osaka , japan .
 ronny deila named new celtic manager .
i want you to take home more of your own money ' , he tells conference .
 university set up secret camera in 10 lecture halls in spring .
about 2,000 students were recorded .
 terry speaks , 42 , appeared at jefferson parish court to deny murder .
people can relate to fashion choices of reality tv stars .
fulham fan visited a number of famous stadiums such as wembley , nou camp and amsterdam arena .
brendan rodgers could revive interest in wolfsburg defender rodriguez .'
 switzerland and france both won their opening group matches .
 cole out of contract after second spell at west ham .
blue samurai cleared up the mess using blue bin bags .
they were collecting dust and a record specialist turned them into book ` inventions that did n't change the world ' .
the scrum-half says he still uses that pain of defeat to fuel his performances .
sturridge , smalling , welbeck and jordan henderson were mobbed by fans and journalists at a local beach .
 cristiano ronaldo overcomes a knee injury ahead of portugal 's group g opener with germany .
# 10 class is 45 minutes and incorporates elements of their training regime .'
messi , 27 , is now at the peak of his powers for the 2014 world cup .
 neville was bbc co-commentator for england vs italy .
 england and uruguay both lost their opening group d games .
england are winless against uruguay at the world cup .
 uefa president platini says he has told blatter he will no longer back him .
which even her own labour party colleagues labelled as ` farcical ' .
11-year-old is youngest ever qualifier at women 's us open .
 djokovic pulled out of stoke park tournament citing a wrist injury .
previously fa had warned using the term was ` derogatory and offensive '
prandelli slammed striker mario balotelli for his wastefulness .
diet .
gwyneth paltrow has also suffered hallucinations when dieting .
brazil and mexico are meeting for the fourth time at the world cup .
but louis van gaal insists victory is not influenced by this .
england fans have the lowest hopes compared to their rank .
stella had to go under the knife for a tonsillectomy and son liam was down with the flu .
 balotelli 's ability was often doubted at manchester city .
 photographer sean scheidt , 31 , from baltimore , captured these images .
the 23-year-old and david miller were bludgeoned to death on september 15 .
 fa top brass are in support of roy hodgson , despite the bungling in brazil .
england crashed out of the world cup after their second defeat .
 argentina are one of the favourites to win the world cup .
 dogue de bordeaux pictured on twitter dressed up in lion 's mane wig .
 jacob angel 's wish was to act as a soldier in a world war two film .
concern .
all of the poppies have been sold for # 25 , and many will be hoping to receive them before christmas .
but mrs emerson 's grandmother , sheri , received a haunting reply .
 visitors from the middle east spend 61 % more than national average .
on friday , thousands of people took to twitter to express disgust at the item .
 daredevils peter stewart , 30 , and fianc\xc3\xa9e fiona bannon , 27 , from coleraine , northern ireland , took to the water .
 cooper stock , 9 , and his father , dr richard stock , were struck by a cab while crossing the street on upper west side january 10 .
a serco whistleblower has told 2gb that the female guard was in hospital after giving birth to his child .
placed eviction notice on property owned by richard and edward benyon .
 angel di maria heads to cheshire waitrose with wife jorgelina cardoso .
poulter was contacted on twitter last weekend by greg norman .
 network rail will install calming blue lights on platforms at rail stations .
 frank lampard 's work ethic has impressed pablo zabaleta .
 finn harvey schneider changed his driving licence more than a dozen times .
new zealand police have slammed the act as dangerous .'
van gaal 's last world cup game with holland is against brazil on saturday .
well-liked dj left breakfast show in june , to shock of listeners .
maradona wore a t-shirt with the message ` little luis we are with you ' .
magath prefers players like thomas muller and bastian schweinsteiger .
 jacksonville jaguars ' mascot made joke during game in florida yesterday .
jaguars apologized saying they did not know about the sign prior to game .
 country singer was tricked into retweeting picture of the paedophile .
then wrung her neck and threw her out a window in seaham , durham .
belgium midfielder says he has nothing to prove .
wesley sneijder levelled for the dutch in the closing minutes .
 cctv footage shows darryn lyons ' home house nightclub allegedly being firebombed .
the pair enjoyed a trophy-laden spell together at manchester united .
he was ranked third nationally for the 152-pound weight class .
atanes tweeted ` f *** france and f *** deschamps ! '
 ben bernanke , 60 , said he failed in attempt to refinance his home loan .
sri lanka were bowled out for 257 in their first innings .
it has been made more graphic to crack down on assault in military .
match took just 55 minutes on centre court on saturday .
 thorgan hazard is closing in on a loan move to the bundesliga .
winner plays novak djokovic in the wimbledon final .
 andy murray beat roberto bautista agutin straight sets .
 video reveals how an 11-year-old 's crooked teeth were fixed in 18-months .
shows how teeth are moved due to the pressure exerted by braces .
more than 5000 people attended the event at sydney 's mrs macquarie 's chair .
thierry henry , alexis sanchez , david villa and zlatan ibrahimovic have struggled under messi 's shadow .
he then calls his agent asking to get him out so he can make practice .
 chile face hosts brazil in last 16 on saturday .
but fight continues until next subway stop when teens and friends get off .'
it claimed that apple 's ios 7 has a ` smart-switch ' that protects it from water .
stephen beever , 54 , said the conditions were ` appalling ' and ` unhygienic ' .
researchers have previously used tissue to create a freestanding uterus .
 rail maritime and transport union leader seen in bar where half bottles of champagne cost # 36 .
 luis suarez 's bite on giorgio chiellini has mixed foreign coverage .
 james ward , daniel cox , kyle edmund and daniel evans lost in the first round at wimbledon .
friends say their relationship is going from ` strength to strength ' .
she said she could hear the helicopters and rescue people calling for her but she was unable to get to them .
pair finished with a score of 431.94 to clinch gold .
 samantha kerr , 33 , found out her baby has rare condition ectopia cordis .
 arsenal kit for next season appears to have been leaked .
murray will now face grigor dimitrov in the championships quarter-finals .
 foreign office minister hugo swire in four-day visit to communist state .
but trolls have copied her pose in the photos with the hashtag ` jadapose ' .
knox will host the show while a panel of four porn stars will judge .
 mary brown , from new mexico , says her daughter katie spiked food and drinks three times this year .
forecasters say it could bring winds up to 50mph to hawaii 's big island .
initial # 7million fee could rise to # 8m for norwich winger .
usa goalkeeper tim howard was randomly drug-tested .
immediately after .
all three have served drug bans but none have admitted guilt .
 lovren unhappy with club for not informing him of liverpool interest .
 generous perks for european commission president as he stands down .
 susan xiao-ping su , founder and president of tri-valley university in pleasanton , california , was sentenced to more than 16 years in prison .
today he was jailed for two years after admitting unlawful wounding .
 qpr star already has an image of diego maradona down one side of his ribs .
says bill clinton found it hard to focus his mind due to lewinsky affair .
 adidas have revealed they will make a decision on sponsoring uruguay forward luis suarez after the world cup .
 bolt confirmed on his website that he is available for selection .
 nibali leaned in for a kiss and was flatly rejected by podium girl .
growing number of ebola cases are being reported in two western zones .
 sagna joined manchester city from arsenal on a free transfer .
 natalie wood ` haunts the splendour yacht ' where she was last seen alive .
 luis felipe scolari seemed upset ahead of brazil 's training session on thursday .
romario says brazilian football has been ` deteriorating for years ' .
germany expects their team to go on and win the world cup .
 david willis , of dallas , texas , said he was upstairs at store for 15 minutes .
after this sterile 0-0 draw with the group winners , hodgson claimed that england 's performance had given the supporters something to cheer about .
 mitchell wilson , who had muscular dystrophy , became scared to go out .
 ray whelan arrested in rio de janeiro following an investigation into ticket touting at the 2014 world cup in brazil .
community made up of pit houses dates back to between 200 and 700 ad .
 roll of honour ceremony takes place each evening at the tower of london poppy display .
 luis .
suarez appeared to bite giorgio chiellini during uruguay 's decisive 1-0 .
xavi could leave the nou camp but is yet to decide his future .
la liga giants have made an opening # 72m bid for liverpool 's luis suarez .
 angel di maria scored for argentina with two minutes of extra-time remaining .
 ann edmead accused of sexually abusing boy in 1970s when she was a man .
supporters also had t-shirts saying ` we are all luis suarez ' .
shark attacks are rare on the pacific coast with five fatalities since 2001 .'
 addicks new strip looks just like barcelona 's from 2012/13 season .
 dante will start alongside david luiz with thiago silva suspended .
shaw , 18 , made england world cup debut in brazil against costa rica .
he implored uruguay fans to protest the severity of the ban on suarez .'
here , sportsmail answers all the burning questions on suarez 's ban .
 dorothy lee barnett allegedly kidnapped her 10-month-old daughter from south carolina in in 1994 .
dempsey and the usa made it to the last 16 of the tournament .
the catalans unveiled midfielder ivan rakitic on tuesday .
germany thrashed england 4-0 in the final in malmo .
 rooms and treasures at hospital left preserved after being abandoned .
 diego poyet is the son of sunderland manager gus .
 hamilton storms through the field to win british grand prix .
he has run a spiritual healing clinic in brazil for fifty years .
their best performance was the opening 4-0 win against portugal .
louise troh , his fianc\xc3\xa9e , was quarantined , but is now free to go .
rosberg was under investigation from stewards for passing under red flags .
prince harry spotted talking with f1 legend sir jackie stewart .
 sky has links with british cycling but brailsford wants a french winner .
and helped produce back-to-back british tour winners .
he tells l'equipe french win ` needs to happen '
 barcelona now concentrating on a cash-only deal for liverpool star .
arsene wenger had dinner with football fans wearing arsenal training kit .
fifa have the power to ban suarez for up to two years .
 australia voted best country to live in world , while nation 's capital , canberra , best place to live .
northern territory fared australia 's worse region on safety and health .
 wenger has called iker casillas to lure him away from real madrid , according to mundo deportivo .
star was in tears at full time but was consoled by david luiz .'
 national guard 's helicopter goes down during night-time training mission .
no explosion or fire seen but both pilots were killed in the idaho crash .
he visits tgi friday 's with his sisters for a family dinner .
 holland face brazil in the world cup third-place play-off on saturday .
lampard will win his 106th england cap against costa rica .
novak djokovic has enjoyed several visits to the on-site hairdressers .
argentina 's uk ambassador met bbc chief to demand an apology .
 dr martin coward split ` acrimoniously ' from wife elena ambrosiadou in 2009 .
 niya sosa-martinez 's son andre became trapped in their keizer , oregon home when it caught fire friday afternoon .
the only one that will remain allowed is full moon party on phangan island .
ms bates argues it proves she only retaliated once to an attack , initiated by the security guard .
bates pleaded guilty to the charge as she hoped for leniency , after confessing to hitting the security guard once during the incident .
bayern sporting director matthias sammer confirms ` verbal agreement ' .
rodriguez is the more laid-back , intelligent playmaker who scored one of the goals of the tournament .'
 16mp periscope-style camera features a cylindrical design and grip sensor .
dillon was suspended for 20 days .
the cyclist filmed the incident with a helmet on his camera .
former defender replaces zinedine zidane who will coach reserves castilla .
 the new research tested particular type of molecules in human saliva .
 justin rose won the quicken loans national in a play-off .
this was humiliation on an epic scale , after they started to believe in the dream .
she wants dna test to prove the relationship .
 ashya king took first steps following treatment at specialist clinic in prague .
 back doors of some air india aircraft are non-functional due to shortage of cabin crew .
 england forward charged after tackle on taulia tautai .
family treat themselves to indian takeaway every friday .
 tim krul saved two penalties in world cup quarter-final .
 brazil coach luiz felipe scolari says his players will not play nice .
ronaldo earns # 14.1million-a-year with nike , while messi makes # 13.6 m with adidas .
brazil 's nike-sponsored neymar jr. is third with # 9.5 m .
video of the one-year-old imitating car engines has almost 200,000 views .
 jade slavin , 21 , from beswick is one of uk 's best at taekwondo .
 joachim low 's side beat algeria earlier this week in the last-16 .
tim henman has been reminded of the bbc 's editorial guidelines after plugging a sponsor .
 the league one side are under new ownership after hearn sold his stake .
pocognoli joins from german outfit hannover 96 on a three-year-deal .
usa president barack obama is yet to respond to di rupo 's tweet .
chemical is not safe for use on skin and can cause burning .
the pair are now permanently scarred and can not expose skin to sunlight .
 max davies , eight , is in remission after fighting non-hodgkins lymphoma .
he and sister lily , 11 , were offered free charity trip to centre parcs .
but other correspondence between the two has been censored .
chan allegedly shot martin in the back as the victim ran to a hotel elevator .
the allegations have come from surrogate agent antonia frattaroli .
rebecca weston was left ` humiliated ' when she wet herself at jobcentre .
the aircraft had been inspected by engineers and cleared to return to service .
police shot the man , who is local media reported is named jeremy bustos .
 the country music legend famously sung the folsom prison blues , but now the city has opened a trail and overpass in his honor .
serie a leads the way with 90 winners , followed by the bundesliga with 64 .
she eventually stayed put and used her lighter to put up smoke signals .
detectives are looking into the relationship between the champion family and riservato - who are believed to have met briefly last week .
all three appear on new reality series dance mums with jennifer ellison .
belgium 's euthanasia laws now responsible for 1 in every 50 deaths .
 women think they 're at their prime at age 29 .
full-back played once during the world cup for france .
brit spent just six months with cleveland cavaliers .
but they have decided against holding bonfire which would cost # 4,600 .
 new images show the resting places around the world of commonwealth soliders who died during world war one .
 jeff thomason spent 30 minutes coaxing the mako shark to his boat .
12 suspected illegal immigrants found inside lorry on m6 near birmingham .
david panton is a melbourne businessman who recently moved to manly .
she was also class captain and debating champion at school then went on to study law at adelaide university .
police have released images of the man and appealed for witnesses .'
the ethanol in the spirit neutralises the poison , which is life-threatening .
rose will head to the open in hoylake as one of the favourites .
all three of beckham 's boys were wearing argentina shirts .
argentina play germany in rio de janeiro final .
alastair cook takes his first test wicket , ishant sharma caught by matt prior .
her labor lasted 12 hours .
 gotze scored winning goal in world cup final against argentina .
van gaal also confirmed injured rojo will not have an operation .'
shacks and tents has been occupied by european migrants for a year .
man united take on strootman 's roma in a pre-season friendly on saturday .
sir alex ferguson called van gaal to congratulate him on the job .
bagans claims he stopped filming show to have her ` exorcised ' by priest .
mr cole , from deal , kent , said he was kept in a ` tank of 40 or 50 people ' .
 spicejet flight sg66 to delhi hit the animal which died on the spot .
indian low cost airline has suspended all its services from surat airport .
 lukas podolski was unused substitute as germany beat argentina 1-0 at maracana in rio to win world cup .
posed with bastian schweinsteiger in selfie following victory .'
barcelona ` have to sign some new players ' before the new season .
chigoe flea landed on his bedclothes followed by hundreds of tiny eggs .
 muhamed besic will become everton 's second signing after gareth barry .
winger yet to feature on manchester united 's tour of the us .
they believe that the holes in their cheeks help them to purify themselves .
the superhero stunt-professionals were suspended from the 88th floor of the tower .
the death-defying show was in aid of heartkids super boss day campaign .
 mcilroy shot a first round 66 to lead the open by one shot .
thomas muller , who scored five goals for germany , earns a spot .
car was registered on november 1 , 1965 and he is its third owner .
he bought it from his brother in the 1980s to save it from the scrap heap .
stated in lawsuit that uniontown in lake township is ` racially intolerant ' .
arteta reveals his is ` very positive about next season '
 lampard pictured at jfk airport with his fiancee christine bleakley .
the former chelsea man will be unveiled by new york city fc at 3.30 pm .
a press conference will take place at brooklyn bridge park to unveil him .
doomed argentinian ship the general belgrano sailed from ushuaia in 1982 .
the first government campaign took place in in november 1964 .
poyet targeting fellow uruguayan cristian rodriguez from atletico madrid .
a judge has granted investigators permission to collect information from his facebook pages after ` he said he did n't like his family in posts ' .
 southampton sold luke shaw to manchester united .
he said : ' i think it would open up opportunities , i am not afraid of that at all ' .
more women have now come forward saying the man has touched them .
 sgt.
british folklore tradition dates back to the 15th century .'
shaw moved to manchester united for # 30million .
the scotsman is leaving match of the day after 22 years .'
 lambert had his first full training session as a liverpool player on monday .
 kristoff of norway wins 15th stage of tour de france on sunday .
vincenzo nibali of italy retains overall lead .'
prosecutors say he forced women to provide sexual services in lieu .
 arsenal team appeared in good spirits at london colney training base .
 bradley wright-phillips scores as new york red bulls beat arsenal .
poutine is a quebecois delicacy of french fries , cheese curds and gravy .
children organised search from uk and last night they were found .
they include the head of the sick triceratops and two velociraptors .
spent 12 months in isolation also playing world of warcraft .
george left arena on a stretcher and is out of fiba world cup .
levy will fight a common assault charge on november 20 .
 walsall faced leicester city in pre-season friendly .
gennady golovkin is making waves in middleweight division .
they were cut down by german machine gun fire during an october 1914 offensive called the ` race to the sea ' .
louis van gaal played 3-4-3 formation for full 90 minutes in pasadena .
gould is strong favourite to replace collier at the helm .'
roma manager rudi garcia has said strootman will not be leaving the club .
rules do n't allow autographs until after scorecards are handed in .
 a 31-year-old man was pulled over by police for random breath test in narrandera , a town in southern new south wales .
race medics have to separate the duo as they trade blows .'
 scotland yard said footage from around 300 cameras was being reviewed .
no new evidence was found at the park near to where alice was last seen .
assistant willie donachie has also been removed by club .
 stephen turnbull was ineligible in bury 's 2006 fa cup win over chester .
 the pakistan all-rounder 's suspension comes in with immediate effect .
a three-legged robot is on display playing ping pong against humans .
two other men have also been charged with murdering and kidnapping her .
 toni kross hopes cristiano ronaldo can keep up good form .
some new products are 15 times weaker than their regular-strength counterparts .'
allegedly part of an eastern european gang that inserted a computer virus into cash points .
he picked up a 20-year-old and drove her to to a secluded area in newcastle .
 police in buzzard 's bay , massachusetts say jill roy , 33 , was arrested after a bag of pills fell out of her pants during a september 16 traffic stop .
the actress is n't alone - many stars are changing appearance drastically .
the striker has previously played for evian , lille and palermo .'
injury has ruled the germany international out until the new year .
 manchester united were keen on thomas vermaelen in the summer .
aims to foster tolerance and positive expression while reducing reoffending .
kids n cancer raised # 50,000 from donations to help pay for the therapy .
the ad initially shows ferguson in a bikini and washing a truck .
alejandro bedoya struck after eight minutes to put nantes in front .
 luca antonelli scored to condemn ac milan to a 1-0 loss at genoa .
 blyth spartans are through to the fa cup third round .
 lawrence stroll has been linked with investments in formula one .
kovalev is the ibf , wbo and wba light-heavyweight world champion .
huston claims o'neal headbutted and repeatedly slapped her .
 kreseda smith , 36 , from shropshire , suffers from phenylketonuria -lrb- pku -rrb- .
the 8-1 shot beat houblons des obeaux and merry king over the line .'
 california singer confirmed as headline act for 2015 half-time show .
katy perry tweeted the news from australia , where she is on tour .
super bowl draws in over 100 million viewers in america .
rookie made a one-handed catch while leaning back and being held .
 stephen hendry has criticised the attitudes of some snooker players .
 dick pound says it is ` sadly typical ' of iaaf to not follow up the allegations .
manager harry redknapp knows premier league survival is a must .
 liverpool face sunderland at anfield on saturday at 3pm .
she told the undefeated world champion that she did not know who he was .
geddes also helps make components for formula one cars .'
sergio aguero pulled manchester city level immediately and scored again .
 chelsea host tottenham at stamford bridge on wednesday night .
eidur gudjohnsen made his long-awaited return playing the full 90 minutes .
 battle between lewis hamilton and nico rosberg went down to last race .
morgan schneiderlin will miss the clash after suffering a leg injury during southampton 's defeat to man city .
carlsberg beverages to be sold of matchdays and at emirates events .
he shot a three-over-par round of 75 on saturday to move off the pace .
west ham play mores games on saturday than any of their rivals .
steven gerrard is expected to start for brendan rodgers side .
stoke visit liverpool above brendan rodgers ' side in the league table .
posts photo on instagram smiling with kolo toure and mamadou sakho .
 karim benzema put real madrid ahead on 18 minutes , converting cristiano ronaldo 's cross from close range .
david barral posted a photo of his injuries from the game .
the 33-year-old was head of recruitment and analysis at st mary 's .
 fifa reveal the 15-man midfield shortlist for the fifa fifpro world xi .
 luke shaw suffered the injury in the first half of manchester united 's 2-1 win at arsenal .
 australia due to take on india in first test in brisbane on december 4 .
sevilla are chasing a champions league place for next season .
admitting he has to earn his right as a manager at league two burton .'
emile heskey is also looking for a contract with bolton .
pardew believes newcastle players being on the same pitch as the likes of eden hazard , diego costa and cesc fabregas will ` inspire ' them .
gibbs and koscielny are injury concerns ahead of arsenal 's trip to stoke .
 the miami hurricanes football team have started using a $ 500 drone to capture scenes from their workouts .
 yevgeniya pecherina made the claim in a german tv documentary .
the former discus thrower is currently serving a 10-year doping ban .
 david beckham retired in 2013 after a stellar career .
he tilts his head back to hit a high b flat .
had surgery to reconstruct torn ligament but it did n't knit together properly .
his new zealand mansion .
bernie ecclestone trying to improve f1 etiquette with national anthems .
the break occurred in a 36-inch steel , riveted pipe that was constructed in 1916 which was coated with cement in 1957 to prolong its life .
travellers encouraged to link in their social media profiles to the site .
 international monetary fund warns eurozone faces full-blown recession .
mr osborne says british economy is feeling the impact of the crisis .
 francis met seven women demanding apology and damages from japan .
she believes they are possessed by dead children who were often abused .
 balotelli looks ahead to his birthday by riding along on a segway .
she had been volunteering in sierra leone - a nation swept with the illness .
 every police force hq has access to vodafone , three and ee mainframes .
rodgers has been unfortunate with daniel sturridge 's injury this season .
was begged by his father graham to give up his hobby but he refused .
ea sport crunch the numbers to reveal the player performance index chart .
has stripped down to lingerie for 2015 calendar shoot .
 kevin locke bagged 14 points for the salford red devils against catalan .
mark cavendish will not participate despite returning from injury .'
free agent matthew etherington also training with west ham .'
defence secretary michael fallon says only tories can deliver eu vote .
woakes has played in both of england 's defeats to sri lanka so far .
 low says he told gotze in extra-time to ` show he is better than messi ' .
the 54-year-old said germany 's world cup win was 10 years in the making .
 sergio aguero was the star man after his hat-trick saved man city .
 sergio aguero scored a hat-trick as manchester city beat bayern munich .
blackburn and cardiff are favourites to challenge for promotion this season .
hasbro told mr spinello today that the company would purchase his prototype of operation .
united meanwhile , have held talks with juventus over midfielder aturo vidal .'
site was hacked on july 8 , and breach was n't discovered for seven weeks .
 lokomotiv opening bid of # 4m for ivorian rejected by newcastle .
 ` darling ' most popular name in uk and favourite of those living in the south .
david nugent could be key for leicester city .
 defender puts pen to paper on a new season-long loan deal .
match will be played at the aj bell stadium on thursday night .
 jacqueline sparks lost her unborn daughter and her ability to fall pregnant .
 youlanda levette whitaker , 40 , was nabbed twice in two days for allegedly possessing marijuana on two separate pccasions in lufkin , texas .
 nolberto solano is searching for a managerial job in football in uk .
the 39-year-old says he had an interview with motherwell previously .
alaska airlines heard of his list and gave ben and his family a free trip .'
 pundits in twitter spat over claim all footballers have dived to win a foul .
 martin demichelis and eliaqium mangala struggle in 2-2 draw at qpr .
brandao is seen moving towards motta and then headbutting him .
butch , madge and frida benefit from home-knitted outfits .
the most expensive property is the new u.s. embassy in nine elms , south west london worth # 600million .
 56 % say they will vote to stay in , with 36 % wanting to leave the eu .
 alberto moreno ready to move to liverpool with suso off to sevilla .
depending the results , the test provokes a coloured reaction .
healthy stools are given to patients in form of faecal transplant .
puma have extended their kit deal with newcastle to cover the next decade .
gus poyet 's men had just faced vitoria setubal .
 dier scored winning goal for tottenham against west ham .
grogan 's 8-year-old daughter , isabella grogan-cannella , was kidnapped and murdered in september .
 it is built into the side of a mountain in the nsw blue mountains , a few hours from sydney .
arsenal have struggled with injuries in recent seasons .
surrey lost to durham .
32 % say they now prefer to check in using smart devices and airline apps .
defiant leonard says using cannabis helps him cope with high-pressure job .'
schurrle and azpilicueta also post pictures from chelsea camp on instagram .
drogba likely to be fit despite pre-season injury .'
managed to squeeze into tiny gap outside his home in quanzhou , china .
decorated officer used to guard kate middleton and escort her to events .
at one point the marines approach their foes and drum their drums .'
gary neville has called on his former team-mate to lead a united recovery .
 arteta has been confirmed as arsenal 's new captain .
honolulu city council got complaints about renaming a beach ` president barack obama sandy beach park ' .
the tree can be visible in one of the hotel 's large bay windows .
have you spotted any venues which have already put up christmas trees ?
comes after mccartney , 43 , suggested strong women are unattractive .
replays showed that costa was fouled by burnley goalkeeper tom heaton .
 karl pierson , 18 , killed claire davis , 17 , at a denver high school last year .
 pearce unhappy about the sale of of lascelles and darlow to newcastle .
mr darling was chancellor under gordon brown during financial crash .
school in newhaven , east sussex , has 500 pupils aged three to 11 .
formula one supremo pays-out # 60million settlement .
 chris o'hare has won 1500m bronze in zurich .
he was sentenced on friday after being found guilty of molesting researcher .
the midfielder has been heavily linked with a move to north london .
 arsenal beat crystal palace 1-0 in their premier league opener .
 atletico madrid had been linked with the arsenal playmaker .
eliaquim mangala will arrive imminently from porto .
 shadow business secretary hits out at ` abhorrent ' anti-migrant rhetoric .
costa rica goalkeeper keylor navas pens six-year deal at real madrid .'
it will go air from sunday 9 november .
incident occurred on a flight from johannesburg to sao paolo .
 ee claims its tv service is the uk 's ` most advanced television service ' .
sam allardyce is still interested in sunderland striker connor wickham .'
sturridge posted picture of henderson 's celebration on instagram .
 green left the club in april last year after financial troubles .
 samuel eto'o could be a transfer target for everton .
chelsea 's record scorer now on loan at manchester city .
mother applied for a bed from edinburgh city council but was turned down .
 autopsy : michael anthony kerr , 54 , died of dehydration .
swedish-designed board has a wireless control , and is made of carbon fibre .
rescue was thanks to co-ordinated effort from volunteers and community .
 west ham were beaten by rivals tottenham on the opening afternoon .
sam allardyce admitted he is already feeling the pressure .
united boss louis van gaal is ready to promote keeper ben amos .
offered it as proof that she sees hertfordshire mansion as permanent home .
it estimates some 20,000 people in the uk are lonely and battling cancer .
 the raid happened late on sunday around porte de la chapelle in paris .
motd is celebrating its 50th anniversary this season .'
son of andy cole has impressed in the city youth ranks .
tradition for liverpool players to touch anfield sign before games .
he believes louis van gaal need five new ` proper ' players .
the top criminal prosecutor is seeking to hault a planned icac inquiry .
scholes admits wilshere smoking is not the end of the world .
 federico fernandez is on the brink of sealing his swansea move .
radcliffe believes farah will be ` kicking himself ' for now winning in glasgow .
 a 26-year-old man was killed when he grabbed onto power lines at a railway yard in brisbane , queensland .
the horrific incident took place at a rail shunting yard in tennyson on saturday night .
 fans of the club are unhappy with manchester united 's transfer business .
scored in reds ' 4-0 friendly victory over borussia dortmund .
 two bedroom grade ii listed folly on sale for # 268,000 in worcestershire has ` glorious ' views over river severn .
 heavyweight clash will take place on november 22 at london 's excel .
the sydney journalism student then handed information to journalists .
` sophie wittams ' was an online alter-ego used by sunday mirror reporter .
 connor wickham has a year to run on his current sunderland deal .
the settlement for brynne edelsten is rumoured to be over $ 10 million .
ferdinand 's man-marking was focused upon in qpr 's 1-0 defeat to hull .
 germany midfielder toni kroos joined real madrid this summer .
fan ran up and took a free-kick that christian eriksen was stood over .
 barcelona officials in london to talk to defender 's representatives .
club say anyone found guilty will face lifetime ban from carrow road .'
 paul scholes claims he is n't passionate about taking up a coaching role .
 alberto moreno signs from sevilla for # 12m .
 ian holloway insist parish 's passion as a fan is part of the problem .
 maggie ashe developed necrotising fasciitis -lrb- nf -rrb- after giving birth .
mk dons did not exist the last time united faced a second round tie in the league cup .
southampton travel to millwall and newcastle travel to gillingham .
laura weightman , who is coached by steve cram , won bronze in the 1500m .
malik disappeared on february 9 , having told a friend saying she was being ` held against her will ' by her boyfriend , bhupinder singh .
mata loves the way van gaal has manchester united player .
 murray began working with mauresmo this summer before wimbledon .
murray says he ` really enjoys working with her '
rivers , from washington , was released from jail after posting bond .
 newcastle announced squad numbers today with ben arfa stripped of no 10 .
but gary neville believes they are short of a right back and midfielder .
the escape had shades of 1994 blockbuster the shawshank redemption .
but in a modern twist , they filmed escape on smuggled mobile phones .
they then posted the video online which showed them goading guards .'
european commission to consider whether it amounted to illegal state aid .
 steve bruce is contemplating a move for jordan rhodes .
the 23-year-old was free to leave manchester city this summer .
the construction industry is the worst offender , followed by mining , manufacturing and hospitality .'
 manchester united slumped to defeat against swansea at old trafford .
the airline does n't need to have the rafts fitted on planes which do n't travel over water .
the plan has been criticised by independent senator nick xenophon and some qantas staff .
hanley jailed for 17 years 7 months , minadaki for 17 years and fowler for 16 .
 eliza houghton found the message on her car on tuesday evening .
discovered that they had reported to cannibalism and reported back .
to be honoured with plaque at westminster abbey next week .'
 precious baby monkey was captured enjoying a cuddle with mum and dad .
was n't just doted on by parents , also offered sibling 's finger to suck on .
more than 700 suspects have been arrested in the clampdown since monday .
technique detected these markers in samples of rain water in a garden .'
 englishman ian baraclough invited for interview by motherwell .
 mowers , combine harvesters and river barges are next on the eu 's agenda .
doctors diagnosed him with the brain condition rasmussen syndrome .
 darren vann has admitted to seven murders and could be liable for more .
 questions have been raised over the influence sponsors have over dietitians association of australia .
his frail , wheelchair-bound wife alwen regularly visits him , source claims .'
mourners wore bright clothing , as requested by her family , and put flower wreaths in their hair for ` hannah 's party ' .
the 36-year-old complained after buying salad from m4 services in reading .
the students were arrested following a confrontation with police .
they discovered they sing in harmonic series 70 per cent of the time .
mr dawson said he ` paid the price ' for treating youngs like a comrade .
opera house security guards called police but they are not investigating after one of the women withdrew her statement .
agents are prohibited from having possession on a gun with a blood alcohol content above zero .
he was attempting to interview him for popular music show countdown .
it boasts four bedrooms , three bathrooms and huge open plan living areas .
but anz bank executive phil chronican says aussies are obsessed .
the australian company compiles a list each year to celebrate world post day on thursday .
louch contacted the authorities who set up a sting operation on the $ 900 drop off .
he playfully hides his face behind his new hand , looking in awe as he flexes his newly found fingers .
so the charity e-nable the future stepped in to provide his new hand .
k-mart also ` won ' a gong for swimmers that ` may go transparent '
 haresh mehta , from southampton , complained to police about being bullied .
ecker works as a nurse at the same hospital and has a 10-year-old son .
 drivers told to scrap paper tax discs , which have been in use for century .
 john butler , 62 , stabbed his estranged partner pauline , 61 , to death .
 numan haider was killed on september 23 after allegedly stabbing two officers near the endeavour hills police station .
 sydney police pull over a man walking on the street for ` random breath test ' .
 former engineer from london has created the wolffepack bag .
in police statement , suspect wrote : ' i know my father would be ok with it ' .
the dog was also suffering difficulty when attempting to walk .
exercising more will give you a bigger life expectancy .
but she started throwing bottles at him at bar in accrington , lancashire .
3d film 's promo has received a scathing response from critics .
he has claimed that it can be used to make calls without a smartphone .
maria , 23 , said : ` chubby is n't just a dog .
 pfc thomas mcgraw was killed in an ambush in vietnam in 1966 , aged 19 .
 officer was giving lesson on police equipment at primary school in wales .
has created halloween lips but also paints film-inspired designs .'
jill , 23 , and derick , 25 , are devout christians and had only held hands and hugged before the wedding .'
 david cameron faces pressure to scrap government 's fixed-term ruling .
canseco tweeted a photo saying he ` hopes i can keep my finger ' .
the property sold on tuesday for $ 1.85 million above the reserve .
avarice , not common as a name , is also a noun meaning extreme greed .
owners alison law and jo cooke say everyone should feel beautiful .
 tv boss elisabeth murdoch , 46 , bought seven-bedroom detached house in st john 's wood , north-west london .
 kickon app lets you know what parties are on offer nearby .
former head of mi6 : there is no ` absolute protection ' of online information .
yesterday , two bodies were retrieved from mine - funerals were held today .
 england went down 24-21 to new zealand at twickenham .
land registry said strip of land where the weed is growing is unregistered .'
candidates for sainthood need to have two miracles attributed to them .
two-storey temple was divided into rooms which were painted red .
dr luke has counter-sued accusing her of ` lying to get out of her contract '
the tanker uses twin turbine engines and is flown by a single pilot .
mccardel was forced to shorten her swim by two kilometres due to tides .
indeterminate sentences for public protection were abolished in 2012 .
 men in chinese city of jinan hooked up to machines .
 madeley and wife , judy finnigan , have complained to the metropolitan police .
daughter chloe , 27 , was threatened with rape by twitter trolls last week .
ms bennett was rushed to hospital and twins were born by caesarean .
 overnight experience is in time for halloween and is called the extra cut .
 gus worland accepted a challenge from his best friend hugh jackman .
chadwick boseman will take on the role of black panther .
his show of fearlessness came during an interview about the conflict .
attempts were made to revive the men but were unsuccessful .
but by raising the contrast on images the scientists revealed ice .
his fiance , leila knight , was standing nearby at the time .
they have been nursed back to health in madrid by husband and wife team .
they held up a banner demanding his exit after 18 years at the club .'
i love you ' .
west brom boss alan irvine will remind the striker of his responsibilities .
 property in chelsea , west london , near trendy king 's road , bought in 1989 .
robbie henshaw was expected to replace legendary outside centre .
 kellie , 61 , had three treatments at harley street clinic .
chairman of the social mobility commission wants fair admissions policies .
zak brown 's friends at school have now nicknamed him ` jaws ' .
the pig was picked up by a local rspca after it was seen running around town .
 wa premier blasted for being critical of gough whitlam .
the former labor prime minister has died aged 98 .
she was then told to ` find a man ' when she said she was not able to .
their three children , aged seven , 11 and 16 , were at home at the time .
appeared in court in charleston today and pleaded not guilty .'
several other unions are in the process of balloting their members .
 amy guy , 34 , has myasthenia gravis , a rare , life-threatening condition .
the images reveal the impact the activity has on australia 's great barrier reef heritage area .
 liam lyburd is accused of possessing a pipe bomb and plotting an attack .
 trish laforty , 26 , found the note in her mailbox on thursday .
 sophie wessex was in margate when she gave the youngster a hug .
 roland burton piled on weight after retiring from his job as a car dealer .
was recently crowned homecoming prince and was in the football team .
 millions have been taught to play the violin using the suzuki method .
shinichi suzuki claimed spent studied under legendary german violinist .
the blackout was government enforced to crackdown on electricity use .
the 33-year-old father chased one of the men but was hit by a passing car .
cathy freeman and nova peris ran together in the 2000 sydney olympics as part of the 4 x 400 metre relay team , which made the final .
he thought he was interviewing an isis commander but it was a fake .
cambridge university researchers said action was needed on healthy food .
 betty musker received almost 6,000 cards for her 104th birthday .
it was liberated by u.s. forces in 1945 and now stands as a memorial .
says 20 % of the uk 's # 105billion deficit should be cleared by tax rises .
dallas health officials said thursday they believe over 80 people may have come in contact with duncan .
 investor warren buffett may suffer a $ 1billion loss due to plummeting ibm stocks .
ibm fell short of wall street profit expectations when it reported third quarter earnings on monday .
now facing allegations that they are not registered or licensed for dentistry .
this was a rise of 30 % over five years , with 32,000 addicted to the drugs .'
british fashion awards will take place in december .
both attackers described as white men in their late 20s with short hair .
wrecks lie at malin head off the coast of donegal in ireland with some mined and others torpedoed during two wars .
 faye burke found her boyfriend in his van with a 48-year-old nurse .
electrical wires got caught in a manhole , sparking the ` huge ' fire .
passenger aarti virani said she held hands with a stranger next to her .
 jean wright claims she was fired from st peter 's college after conspiracy .
he has sent boxes of the beauty drink to celebrity friend kelly brook .
zhen fang has been arrested for the murder after arriving on saturday at sydney international airport .
 gilbert has had a miracle transformation after surgery to remove tumor .
when she said `` no '' , he sparked a fire in his garage and died in blaze .
the popular doorman from kingswood , hull , had locked himself into garage .
was on duty when obama visited - and met the president in an elevator .
man , named as mr li , 47 , climbs scaffolding then threatens to jump .
the couple , in their 40s , are then seen on cctv walking out with # 300 table .
 postman claims 75-year-old jean parker 's dog attacked him .
meanwhile , giraffes in the wild are decreasing , with only 80,000 remaining in the world .'
 paul orchard , 33 , ` sexually assaulted ' nancy nuttal , 57 , in peru , maine .
 woman are increasingly wanting abortions after drinking during pregnancy .
 investor let go of millions of shares in further blow for supermarket chain .
now record from run of 1,000 are changing hands for more than # 1,000 .
critics have called it a ` crime ' that he will be speaking english in new show .
 officials have said the guerreros unidos cartel implicated in the disappearance of 43 students in iguala , mexico essentially ran the town .
a bullet tore through his jaw , but instead of screaming he lay still .
 artefact has created ` purple ' - a locket that updates automatically .
 much-loved television series has been given a 21st century makeover .
 tests to begin at north terminal today and south terminal from tomorrow .
ranch was owned by winona and norman stephens , from chicago .
site was abandoned in the 1990s and is now covered in graffiti .
now architect plans have revealed the plans the couple had for compound .
 artist sarah deremer , 25 , has come up with a number of new animals .
 fire crews called to house in bolton after reports the kitchen was on fire .
 philip spence , 32 , attacked three wealthy women from uae in their hotel .
he said it was making children scared too sing and ` crumbling ' on stage .
she spent two weeks behind the walls of the hospital .
the men are being treated in ward 17 at heidelberg repatriation hospital .
 garth brooks has been dreaming of going skydiving for years .
elsewhere bombing raids killed an estimated 35 fighters on the outskirts of kobani and in the city of shaddadeh .'
they made it to some rocks , where a coast guard helicopter saved them .'
testing of the new ship could begin as early as april 2015 .
miss keys said she did not know what to do with her daughter 's body .
 the cliffside plank path hike is on mount hua shan in china .
comes after british government announced its plans for hs3 line .
a bodybuilder on the cover of a fitness magazine inspired him to change .
 laselle street church in gold coast bought out of residential development it helped fund in the 1970s .
but capsule lay forgotten at the new-york historical society until this year .
 dr ana maria gonzalez-angulo convicted of poisoning colleague .
i have people .
miroslav klose equals ronaldo 's record of 15 goals at world cups .
ustinov was a stand in after dereck chisora withdrew due to injury .
also outfits from ' a league of their own ' , music videos and shoots .
 liverpool advance to last 16 of capital one cup .
brendan rodgers side beat middlesbrough on penalties after 2-2 draw .
taxi driver took her to local train station sunday night .'
two steubenville football players charged in august with rape and kidnapping of girl .
 patrick mcloughlin will say labour is depriving north of economic benefits .
dutch pair have barely spoken since time together at ajax .'
underwent surgery for a broken leg , also suffered abdominal injuries .
after around two minutes he finally gives up and slumps to the floor .
queen maxima and king willem-alexander appeared undaunted .
and the perfectionists ' cafe will box up pizza for hungry travellers .
this generates a weak electrical current which powers a biobattery .
her two toddlers were found floating face down in a pool as she slept .
jeremy hunt claimed 5p for a paperclip and 8p for a page marker .
 labour leader under pressure to reopen vote-rigging investigation .
the 20-year-old claimed olympic silver behind rudisha at london 2012 .
 the video shows an unidentified male clutching to the back of a train .
in a full piece to air on nine news they report this is a ` new craze '
it was intercepted by the irish navy in the early hours of tuesday .
cyclist was admitted to glasgow hospital and put in isolation for four days .
reported text to school bosses but the 46-year-old was able to keep his job .
kitterman told police he walked and hitchhiked to pueblo .
journey to la was linked to controversial managed sam lutfi .
 way finished 10th for england in the marathon at glasgow 2014 .
it happened at a buddhist temple in rossmore - in sydney 's south-west .
a woman swears at him before reaching up and slapping him in the face .
claimed he was carrying heavy bag with schoolgirl 's body inside .
sam allardyce believes his side are now more potent in attack .
 diamond lawrence , 25 , tried to steal from a wal-mart in dallas .
 the huge grant was made to the massachusetts institute of technology .
18 months later , he was virtually unbeatable against burnley .
 chris brunt has been sidelined for a week with a hamstring injury .
baggies captain limped out of his side 's defeat against west ham .
sam burgess reveals how russell crowe changed his life .
burgess reveals he was ` living the dream ' while playing in australia .
the 21-year-old goalkeeper is due to face arsenal on saturday .
goalkeeping coach andy woodman has backed him to play well .'
 middlesbrough manager will watch from the stands this weekend .
aitor karanka 's side face derby county on saturday .
couple had to wash under the taps in public halls and use a church toilet .'
southampton paid # 12.6 million for osvaldo but he will not return there .'
pep guardiola led his bayern munich players in training on tuesday .
 george ford kicked 15 points to sink montpellier at the altrad stadium .
rugby league convert played just 17 minutes on his union debut .
 former comanchero boss mick hawi appeared in nsw supreme court .
the teen apparently has difficulties breathing during his session .
a popular dessert being a third cheaper in germany highlights the issue .
thousands signed petition against ` sexist ' and ` demeaning ' calendar in 2011 .
left cop kenneth healey in critical condition after hacking him in the head .
 mother-of-two angela roberts , 45 , had a row with valerie barrett earlier in the evening .
langdale spent some of the remaining cash on his business and investments .
kuwaiti albasman was living with her in bournemouth flat as her chaperone .
after he found her talking on a mobile he stabbed her 13 times in the neck .
the firm said the handset was expected to launch in the us ` in the fall ' .
the triton deep sea mini-submarine is on sale for # 1.2 million .
she posted a series of pictures on facebook showing her nights out .
smile had previously admitted one count of robbery at an earlier hearing .
reported theft to police who said they were n't going to investigate .
authors claim shah was mentally ill and locked his co-pilot out of cockpit .
but instead he was arrested over hijacking of belgian ship .
hopes clare 's law will prevent other families suffering like he has .
 the one-tonne net was found off the northern territory coast .
the fisherman set free a turtle from the huge abandoned net .
the woman alleges this is where she was assaulted by a group of men .
 chantae gilman , 26 , allegedly had sex with a man , 31 , while he was asleep .
roofer russell bishop was cleared of strangling the girls a year later .
package was declared by traveller and opened by quarantine inspector .
his fight with bacterial meningitis made the headlines in 2000 .
says it is the ` best thing i have had in like five months ' .
williams was beaten to death with an exercise bike by a fellow inmate at barwon prison in april 2010 .
 woman stole man 's $ 25,000 rolex when she was invited to his hotel room .
 jeffrey fowle from lebanon , ohio , initially went to the country as a tourist .
 costumed impersonators are filmed fighting on hollywood boulevard .
four were admitted to liverpool hospital on tuesday afternoon .
how rich are you ?
pork picnic shoulders are ground down into mince .
found pornographic pictures of a 10-year-old arizona victim on a phone .
rookie felipe nasr joins having been williams ' test driver .
and scientists think the animal died of starvation at the end of the ice age .
cregan be sentenced him on october 23 .'
 jamie jones , 27 , wrote to prisoners in america .
had been scamming a neighbour taking over # 40,000 from his bank account .
 gramercy coffee cafe has been banned from using bacon .
the top ten list includes the likes of milan in italy and vienna in austria .
people living in the structure would not have to rely on the outside world for air , food and other essentials .
robson said he is ` grateful for the support middlesex has given him '
pilot alerted to ` slow decompression ' in cabin , says airline spokesman .
while her back was turned , the carjacker jumped into the driver 's seat .
price left letters hinting at suicide , and a florida judge ultimately declared him dead .
the student has written a heartfelt letter of apology to the teacher .
primary school teacher claims he reported theft to vodafone that night .
 gov tom corbett served as attorney general from 2005 to 2011 , when the emails were sent .
this will be his first head-coaching role , succeeding john wright .'
the wheat farmer had been in a long-running dispute over land clearing .
 after a wretched start to the season , newcastle are seventh in the league .
rangers face queen of the south on friday night .'
 an spfl tribunal has ordered dundee to pay # 204,000 for charlie telfer .
lionel messi , neymar and luis suarez sealed barca 's victory .
 20c -lrb- 68f -rrb- temperatures expected this week , but by the weekend it is expected to be cooler , windier and wetter .
 great britain gymnast max whitlock finished behind kohei uchimura .
the probe comes after revelations police secretly obtained private records .
owner kai lui carried out a citizen 's arrest on cullen , who faces around seven years in jail for arson .
gunners will be without midfielder aaron ramsey for magpies clash .
hereford shot to fame with giantkilling of newcastle in 1972 .
it is expected that the set could fetch up to # 15,000 when they are auctioned .'
the nine-year-old was bitten during a school trip when he stroked it .
surry hills is an area of high investment growth .
virgin has announced it will refund tickets , which sell for $ 250,000 .
handmade bread , goats ' milk cheese and champagne the most popular .
couples are having sex around 1.4 times a week , compared with 1.8 times 10 years ago .
 cpl geoffrey mcneill , 32 , was found with his neck broken in three places .
rapper wretch 32 offers to step in a last-minute replacement .'
 toddler seen viciously pulling kitten by the tail and slamming it on the floor .
 gemma and jayden field 's daughter was run over two days after wedding .
animal was taken from its mother at nine weeks , when usually a year .'
an onion hair masque is also good for thinning hair .
she admitted her husband is not a great cook , as he grated cheese .
on thursday he was arrested three and a half years after the con .
 church acknowledges for the first time joseph smith had many wives .
the monument in kharkiv , ukraine , was pulled down on sunday evening .
lenin 's ear is being advertised on vk - the russian version of facebook .
 john hunt called racing in western australia for more than 30 years .
 arthur abraham is in his second tenure as wbo champion .
 manuel pellegrini and pep guardiola will clash again on tuesday .
robert lewandowski added their second just before the break .
 nancy pfister , 57 , was found dead in her home on february 26 , just 4 days after she returned from an extended trip to australia .
she is now a doctor after working at the store in markham , ontario , canada .
more than 75,000 allegations made but just 1,000 immigrants were removed .'
meat will be smoked and will cost # 4.99 for pack as part of the deluxe range .
 the route between fort william and london is known as the deerstalker .
labour colleagues make ` throwaway comments ' and ` assumptions '
maurizio 's lawyer claims the children have been bribed to make allegations .
takes over from ryan reynolds .
but his lawyer confirmed that a plea deal had been reached in the case .
now polls rating suggest miliband 's popularity has plunged new depths .
feet stretched out below camille 's seat and frightened ` the crap ' out of her .
 dozens of scottish wwii veterans were honoured by russia today .
 genomic testing will be made available in australia within the next 12 months .
apple and google are not far behind with 90 per cent donating to democrats .
british photographer timothy allen wins the top prize for his images of mali , wales and bhutan .
mohammed karani jailed for 11 months after leaving handbrake partially on .
police say there was no indication that the victim knew his attackers .
sergeant karl mcdermott forced goodall , 26 , to stop by driving in his way .
but he had last laugh after scoring the winning goal on 67 minutes .
they broke up and hassen was angry she was seeing someone else .
last year 's event with 130,000 attendees generated $ 70,000 .
hospital staff became suspicious when she took him in two days later .
 former baywatch star now acting as spokesperson for bronchostop .
makes a special appearance in commercial for the uk cold brand .
he plotted the kidnapping to get ransom money from saanvi 's parents , to pay off his gambling and credit card debts .
ms robinson , 21 , fell to her death from the 11th floor balcony of shearin 's apartment .
terrified families were evacuated from their homes after the five-year ordeal .
police source : nur hassan fled to syria but she showed ` wilful blindness ' .
 dawn elizabeth greene , 24 , is charged with injury to child .
allegedly had been hit with a foreign object and dropped to the floor .'
bodies discovered by jennifer 's daughter after school .
puggles hatch after 10 days and stay in the pouch for 45 to 60 days .
 phil jones only returned to manchester united training on thursday .
he has been charged in the deaths of afrikka hardy , 19 , and anith jones , 35 .
 figures for flight delays from uk airports up by 10 % since last summer .
inquest told she vanished following an argument over ` cultural differences ' .
however , referee nicolas laforge awarded a corner instead of a goal .
reporters can now face up to 10 years in jail if they break the new laws .
the senior labor frontbencher has described the new measures for the media as ` draconian ' .
victim , from nsw south coast , was in induced coma .
 received pronunciation named britain 's favourite accent in new survey .
lamay has a criminal record including convictions for battery and heroin possession .
he was arrested on suspicion of kidnap and is currently in police custody .'
taliban reaffirm their support for mullah omar in their own statement .'
her little sister kennedy smith , 14 , was in the car with her .
protests are raging on nauru over the decision to offer temporary visas to asylum seekers on christmas island .
a contingent of guards have just flown from brisbane to quell the protests .
internet critics have asked how does one survive without vermicelli nests .
 george whitesides said the new aircraft is 65 per cent ready .
she had tried to wean her husband off drugs and was seen as his ` salvation ' .
 mr ecclestone , 83 , has been seen with russian president at sporting events .
in the past people did not have to provide exact birthdays when registering .
 the couple were spotted by a passerby in lady lake , lake county , florida , .
in hospital doctors said symptoms were ` nothing to worry about ' .
 signing alexis sanchez has proved a shrewd move by arsene wenger .
there are also two stables , extensive gardens and a private air strip .
 phil hughes in an induced coma after being struck on head by bouncer .
but unbeknown to them , the family 's wifi had stopped working at home .
 inspectors have visited six more schools amid concerns of islamic influence .
her mother , cheryl broadway , claims she had been offered a place in april .
he is serving 22 years for shooting boxing legend alex mckinnon in 2006 .
 benjamin and kristi strack , 37 and 36 , were found dead in their springville , utah home saturday night along with their two sons benson , 14 , and zion , 11 , and daughter emery , 12 .
the spiders are one of largest in uk and are known to eat their own mothers .
 megan davis hoelting , 31 , was arrested monday night in williamson county , texas .
he fled to texas on september 21 in his sister 's nissan sentra and was later captured while camping on a galveston beach .
 body found in angeles national forest in palmdale , los angeles .
warwick physicist said a forkful of curry should conform to the golden ratio for satisfying taste and texture .
he went shopping in madrid on wednesday with wife ana sofia moreira .
 john newcombe stayed at bush 's summer estate in kennebunkport , maine .
 anthony mundine explains over controversial homosexuality comments made last year .
the boxer made remarks over an episode of the abc series ` red fern ' last year .  '
roma are also interested in signing vlaar from aston villa .'
ki spent the season on loan with sunderland last term .
 christian atsu joined chelsea from porto in 2013 .
 greek jeweller said to have unknowingly accepted # 4.7 m in monopoly notes .
he was handed a suitcase full of cash during sale of four rings and necklace .
after the exchange , he realised the ` buyers ' had conned him with fake money .
but , ground-based surveys have more recently identified a more porous sediment beneath the greenland ice sheet .
chris beattie said the fire ` jumped up the mountain in a matter of seconds '
but the worker did not read mr stonehouse 's message until the next day .
mother-of-one was visiting newport , south wales , with her boyfriend .'
 businessman pretended to be taxi driver in order to sexually assault woman .
 flat , bowl-shaped glasses and flutes do n't retain the bubbles or aroma .
# 1.9 bn plane is being billed as the future in long-haul travel .'
 diane stretton , 64 , and the bracamonte family aired out their grievances on dr phil show friday .
 next announce new website label which stocks only branded items .
attack arose out of her ` obsession with the worker 's teenage girlfriend ' .
rice suspended indefinitely by nfl after he was filmed hitting janay palmer .
blake bailey was walking with girlfriend jessica green when they were hit .
 a three-year-old fell into the jaguar pit at the little rock zoo in little rock , arkansas , earlier today .
 philadelphia-based burger joint pyt burger has created ` the d'oh !
confirmed as ps4 launch title but no news on wii u version .
the 21 year old stabbed to death robert and cheryl adamson in february .
st john ambulance medic then sexually assaulted teenager in private ambulance .
roma won the game 1-0 to close the gap on serie a leaders juventus .'
neighbours are outrages over the ` sickening ' sight and smell of the property .
 south sydney rabbitohs centre dylan walker reportedly lost his ring on wednesday .
the rabbitohs defeated canterbury bulldogs 30-6 .
 alisdair swift sent his mother string of texts implying he had been abducted .
miriam weeks , 18 , was outed by a fellow student at duke last month .
nate 's grandfather said the youth can not talk but is writing notes to his family .
in october lisa ann was romantically linked to 18-year-old college footballer .
vettel will be the highest-paid formula one driver in history .
 reports have suggested movie will be called ` gazza - british raging bull ' .
it was created to encourage men to check for testicular cancer .
bono criticised tony abbott 's ` outrageous ' actions .
the u2 front-man said government 's response is ` not the australia i know ' .
 adrianna kenebrew of houston , texas , was born with glaucoma and has been taking gymnastics for three years .'
cardinal raymond leo burke blasted suggestion .
 cook discussed user data security at a meeting with top chinese government official in beijing .
 brett barrett , 53 , was jailed in queensland in the late 1990s for sexual offences against a teenage boy .
lloyd was so popular , her funeral was attended by 100,000 people .
they waited overnight for the new store to open its doors at 8am .
 tamerlan tsarnaev has long been linked to the killings but case never solved .
the west australian played james brown 's i got you through the carriage .
police found human remains last weekend and called off other searches .
 the pair fell in love at a lecture at a college of marxism .
the 23-year-old is newcastle 's seventh summer signing .
he also gave the cheques out to four friends in a ` grave error of judgement ' .
 geoff mcgrath started troop 98 last fall but had his position as scoutmaster ` revoked ' this week .
 emergency services received a triple-0 distress call at 10am on tuesday .
 dennis rader , 69 , is collaborating with professor on study of his mind .
he said being gay had helped him develop the ` skin of a rhinoceros ' .
` texans are deeply indebted to phil collins , ' said texas land commissioner jerry patterson .
 salah salahadyn , 41 , could face up to 10 years in prison for the violin theft .
 tanya miller , 30 , from carlisle , was the getaway driver in an armed raid .
she took her eight-month-old baby in the car with her and two accomplices .
docherty was jailed for seven years for his part in the raid .'
victim could now be awarded # 200,000 from couple in compensation .
well-lit 's lights claim to last nine years and start from around # 10 -lrb- $ 16 -rrb- .
 pieces of art by charles bronson are set to go under the hammer tomorrow .
selection of 200 of the prisoner 's works to sold for thousands at auction .
prosecutor said victim mistook milne for former teammate leigh montagna .'
williams smoked cannabis and injected miaow-miaow before the attack .
friends quickly condemned the image , branding it grotesque and unethical .
says she imagined that 74-year-old sir tom must be a ` killer in the sack ' .
mrs radford has nine sons and seven daughters and featured on tv show .
the festival is open till october 5 and is expected to attract 6.4 million people .'
 barbara ernst and barbara supeno moved to addison in 2004 .
i see him very often and he 's still fighting ' - jean todt .
schumacher .
his mother julie said her son 's life was made a misery at school by bullies .
claims she was under ` real pressure ' to send him to school due to rules .
he has n't formally joined yahoo but will guest with his former nbc co-worker .
jackson has been jailed for 15 years to life in lancaster , near la .'
she responds to joke saying her ` isobars ' were getting a ` good squeeze ' .
 radislav krstic is serving 35-year sentence for aiding and abetting genocide .
professor justin marshall said getting into the head of an animal offers a different perspective .
the 32-year-old wrote a suicide note where he paints himself as the victim .
he ` does n't know how this happened ' and ` had nothing but good intentions ' .
 a garbage bag full of chemicals has broken in the back of a rubbish truck .
one listing offered to sell a poppy for more than double the original price .
each of the 888,246 poppies represents a british military fatality during wwi .'
jeremy menez opened the scoring for milan in the first half .
 katrina-kay hayward was walking through bedford with friends .
a new mugshot was released yesterday after he was formally charged .
 set designer of the tower of london poppies attacked by guardian critic .
when limits were introduced in 1989 only 45 per cent were overweight .
londoners will be at a standstill for more than 40 working days a year .
 odegaard says it was ` cool to have the record ' after coming on for norway .
lei mei ni and her boyfriend dong jen were urged to stop by an attendant .
mattingly , coo of the cystic fibrosis foundation in bethesda , maryland , accused racca of workplace theft .
national assembly president sandrine mazetier was nonetheless offended .
when people questioned him , he said his handyman father was a millionaire .
 blaze broke out below deck yesterday with flames engulfing ship 's hull .
owner will inherit array of victorian buildings over 62 acres , including post office , schoolhouse and even church .
sri lanka beat england by 90 runs in their sixth odi in pallekele .
 speaking in afghanistan , pm suggested tax cuts could come as early as 2016 .
 sam twiston-davies rides dodging bullets to win ahead of somersby .
 christian eriksen and harry kane both covered 8.2 miles against swansea .
newcastle united midfielder only uncapped player selected .
 lionel messi hit third hat-trick in four games during 5-1 win over espanyol .
she wore a blue dress with mesh detailing when she appeared on screen .
queretaro fc midfielder willian was shown sent off for a bad tackle .
goalkeeper vjekoslav andri was sent off for pulling down the striker after being caught in possession by the halfway line .
 wilfried bony gave swansea an early lead on nine minutes after capitalising on a nathan dyer through ball .
lampard scored the only goal in man city 's win over leicester on saturday .
city fans wore sky-blue-and-white santa claus outfits for stroll .
 wasps end the 12-year run at high wycombe stadium on sunday .
scot has dispensed of services of assistant coach dani vallverdu .
i would rather she had married a nobody , ' says father .
 corporal james dunsby was one of six soldiers to collapse on the exercise .
fellow soldier l/cpl edward maher died three hours after arriving at hospital .'
a report from melbourne grammar school describes a conversation between father , david hardy and the headmaster .
 rosetta has taken the most accurate measurements yet of comet .
the comic fanatic has teamed up with make-a-wish foundation to help sick kids .
the airline 's website and phone lines crashed shortly after sale began .
confidently strode through the crowds followed by family .
follow live reaction to the tragic passing of hughes here .
 vertebral artery dissection has been described as ` incredibly rare ' .
 the spanish queen , 42 , met campaigners from one toy , one dream .
the men had been grooming and prostituting girls aged 13 to 16 .
uscis officials encouraged the children to dress up for the special event .
children from over 21 countries attended the event in maryland , baltimore .'
the 61-year-old has been disqualified from practising .
 sheffield united beat southampton 1-0 in league cup quarter-finals .
nigel clough 's team have reached cup semi-finals two years in a row .
his wife , moani nahulu-mahelona , said thieves broke into her hawaii home and stole the couple 's wedding rings and cash .
duncan , who told relatives he has depression , now at a psychiatric unit .
 londoners spend the most on alcohol - an average of # 886 per year .
they found that traditional 12lb-cow bells can reach volumes of 113 decibels .
headmistress sara bennion said policy was straining the school 's finances .
 photographer sergey krasnoshchekov captured caves in the kamchatka peninsula , far east russia .
craig akard said .
the star receiver is expected to miss the remainder of the season .'
 adrian golland , 71 , felt his reputation was ` trashed ' by reverend nick mckee .
many moved on to other brothels , but some still remain in the neighbourhood , working in secret and hiding .'
pirates in somalia held him for ransom and said germany had paid it .
she 's says it 's not cruel as she only uses non-toxic products .
60 australians have registered as being in guinea , sierra leona and liberia via the government 's smart traveller website .
he has been a key defender for roma since joining in 2012 .'
 georgina spicer was babysitting cally marsh 's one-year-old son in suffolk .
ms richardson had eight puncture wounds to arm and the cat later died .
that woman , june patti , was a known drug addict and habitual liar .
his pakistani passport was found to be fake after examination by officials .
leader of hounslow council steve curran said the amount of rubbish cleared from site ` takes your breath away '
` shining son ' leader kim jong-un has megalomaniac designs on west .
economists say decline in living standards down to ` labour mismanagement '
gordon confronted his opponent after the race and came out swinging .
but cancer drug nilotinib can fight this and help clear the brain 's ` garbage '
he was extradited to australia from portugal , where madeleine had been abducted three years earlier .
despite victim attempting suicide - she 's still waiting for counselling .
comes as top police officer warns of ` many more rotherhams to come '
 the operation let illicit guns ` walk ' in the hope of tracking them to bigger traffickers .
 leonard and lisa rorke were stranded in ocean with pet jack russell .
family have been fighting for his eventual release from mental hospital .
deaton died in october 2012 but coroner said she killed herself .
he claims the ` exorcism ' was carried out by her husband , tyler deaton .
virgin will fly the dreamliner between heathrow and us destinations .
jo berry 's father sir anthony berry was killed in the bomb blast .
senator jacqui lambie has demanded muslim women remove their burqas ` now ' .
the u.s. has pledged some 3,000 troops to fight ebola in west africa .
 government expert on troubled families louise casey , 47 , spoke of problem .
 authorities searched for the michael lively on sunday and took him to a hospital for observation .
 caravan park with six mobile homes and scores of temporary shacks located in hogdalen , stockholm .
tia sharp , 12 , was killed by stuart hazell in her grandmother 's home in 2012 .
group on board restrain man after he had assaulted elderly passenger .
 high security psychiatric hospital was described as a ` gold mine ' for stories .
 plane coming in to land at madeira airport blown about by heavy winds .
tweed updated for ss15 via mini skirts and flared trousers .
health secretary : ` intolerable ' pressure on english hospitals near border .
psg lost against barcelona and guingamp previously last week .
but sean geddes equalised for worcester with 20 minutes to play .
 world players ' union fifpro are wary of their members moving to serbia .
 daniel bartelt crept into 19-year-old jessie blodgett 's wisconsin home .
this creates a dish ` signature ' that can be compared to an original recipe .
the rockhampton property was previously searched in the investigation into a suspected double murder .
 kymberlie shepherd , 26 , passed away last thursday at a perth hospital after giving birth to her son .
by t.i.
 cindy bjerke of fargo , north dakota , was very upset at her daughter 's recent behavior that she decided to sell her concert tickets .
 told staff and family : ` it 's my gig , i will go out when i want to ' .
miller burned off her fingerprints with chemicals to hide her identity .'
the technology also plans movements up to five seconds in advance .
supporting galaxy and -lrb- red -rrb- project to prevent spread of hiv .
mauricio pochettino is preparing to make changes to his team .
adam scott sits two shots behind the pair after a second round 69 .
 hava cebic , 77 , claims her gifted tongue can cure eye problems .
people from other countries are flocking to her village for her treatment .'
brendan rodgers under pressure after 3-0 defeat at old trafford .
managers are not allowed to use phones during matches in italy .
 frank gordon conway , 46 , allegedly had his son in between his knees .
conway said he ` did not see a problem ' with his child driving .
as many as six galaxies may have been torn apart at the heart of the cluster .
 china sent mission to the moon from the southwestern xichang satellite launch centre .
spacecraft is flying around the moon on an eight-day mission .
 magliozzi started hosting the radio show with his brother , ray , in 1977 .
 karen beckwith spotted the hawk on neighbour 's car in romford , essex .
 grammy-winner sang numbers from his new musical the last ship .
sting will play benefit shows at sage theatre gateshead next april .'
over 60 students were involved in making the ` shake it off ' music video .
 thomson 's sensatori resort sits on mexico 's popular caribbean coastline .
a host of water features include swim-up pools on your room 's doorstep .
his remaining three cats and seven birds have been seized .'
the 35-year-old slammed janey davies 's head on a jukebox and bit her face .
took to this morning to defend putting bobbi in pageants so young .
 magician rich ferguson aka the ice breaker stuns passers-by in san luis obispo , california .
 taylor almond , 16 , has been missing since october 12 .
 etymology expert prof charlotte brewer was discussing college ` banter ' .
32-year-old told brain cancer is so severe that he has less than six months .
relatives making ` urgent ' attempts to contact john and tell him of death .
he confessed to killing the pair after fleeing from a prison in 1989 .
the former soldier was jailed for 21 months after a ` series of incidents ' .
 the nurse 's mother , debra berry , said that she is ` very confident ' in the care that her daughter is receiving at emory in atlanta .
 a cessna 170 and an unidentified plane crash over the nevada desert .
both pilots were killed in the crash at about 8am yesterday morning .
victoria ` is doing really well ' and ` back to her little , same-old 3-year-old self , ' said the family 's spokesperson .
only apoel nicosia have worse record of all europe 's title winners this year .
sportsmail has created an inverse table : the chump-ions league .
 an attack by a girl , 15 , on another girl , 16 , has been caught on video .
 australian airline qantas will charge parents for their children flying unaccompanied .
the 41-year-old father died of a suspected heart attack on friday after returning home on june 19 .
 myles dobson was found unconscious on wednesday and later died .
she was found by husband ashley house next to open bank statements .
but as he sat down to eat the meal , he found a centipede in it .
he received a letter from tesco , as well as a # 15 gift card by way of apology .'
uk has fourth highest number of toilets but flushes the most water .
mr cameron was warned he would become ` isolated ' if there is no payment .
the picture appears on more than 30 different websites around the world .
he then aimed for mr thorn 's head while shouting and screaming profanities .
 jack wilshere is currently sidelined with an ankle injury .
 dr ravi shamaiengar designed head rest after suffering sports injury .
the actor stayed in the city 's exclusive belmond cipriani hotel .
 pupils at the army public school can be seen learning and having fun .
mr mallalieu did not arrive at another hospital until around 6pm .
he has been banned from entering brisbane from november 8-17 .
 billy vunipola reveals the reason , he believes , he was dropped by england .
the in-form faugheen set to run in the christmas hurdle .
the former world no 1 admits his mother , liz , 74 , is close to death as she battles a severe lung infection .
 raheem sterling said he was too tired to start england against estonia .
other instructions include flushing it with your hand , rather than your foot .
real , who have won their last 20 matches , now travel to the club world cup in morocco .
the government held on to the 1782sq km testing range until this week .
 two men from new zealand were reportedly sacked from tegel foods .
kaleb parkinson , 21 , filmed his mate riding along the conveyor belt .
the three are accused of beating two females aged 16 and 34 .'
he had been trying to break up a fight outside irish tymes pub in caerphilly .
she also placed colleagues under pressure and did not update the prospectus .
they were investigating why some people feel a ` creepy presence ' .
stewart is paid $ 15 million a year by comedy central and was recently offered ` virtually anything ' by nbc to host meet the press .
 more than 1,400 staff at gchq in cheltenham gathered together to form a giant poppy in the building 's courtyard .
the genital and breast surgery will complete her transformation to a woman .
the mother-of-three said she is toying with the idea of returning to boxing .
marmaris palace in dalaman brands itself as a children-friendly resort .'
 o'driscoll said queen congratulated him on retiring from rugby ` unscathed ' .
 leonid rozhetskin , co-founder of city am , vanished five years ago .
liverpool want sterling to sign new long-term contract .
they are said to have refused to pay the $ 289 bill in full .
claims mr miliband 's may as well have said ` prepare for coalition ' in speech .
he was already on bail for sexual offences at the time of the incident .
they used to mutilate themselves , but people are no longer sympathetic .
among the 23 arrested in connection with the attack was a witch doctor .
scroll down to hear wayne 's duet with ed sheeran .
police arrested santana at a barbershop in downtown orlando where he was getting a haircut .
british chiropractic association says sedentary lifestyles are main problem .
 police found crying child on street in new orleans yesterday evening .
her death is not being treated as suspicious , but police say the discovery is ` quite unusual '
 young midfielder mehdi abeid has been called-up by algeria .
cruz was taken to hospital for treatment for scratches to his head .
the endangered species kill by immobilising and disemboweling prey .
 labour leader told the star he knew all about the bbc one show .
they are trying to trace the pair for the unprovoked attack in wandsworth .'
 raheem sterling turned down a new # 70,000 a week offer from liverpool .
dennehy , 31 , was handed a whole life jail term for her ten-day killing spree .
 woman 's day claimed queen margrethe planned to step down due to her ` bad back ' .
he had his prosthetic leg stolen by a drunk female fan in eagles clothing .
hanson academy says their uniform did not meet the new strict standards .
 justin jedlica mocked ukrainian rival by dressing as plastic doll .
tens of thousands were at the annual holiday event during the planned bombing .
but barnes feels rodgers is the right man to bring success to liverpool .
he reportedly drove 84mph in a 45mph zone when police pulled him over .
 raheem sterling scored two midweek as liverpool beat bournemouth 3-1 .
 carl frampton will make his first title defence against chris avalos in belfast on february 28 .
but director matthias sammer has had to defend guardiola from criticism .
 ea sport crunch the numbers to reveal player performance index chart .
morgan schneiderlin should return after a spell out with a groin injury .
 the coravin preserves bottles of wine for months after they 've been opened .
 gareth bale will be reinstated in real 's imposing forward line on saturday .
the bills were playing the detroit lions at ford field in detroit .
a fan claimed responsibility on twitter then deleted his account .
 scott gimbel , 50 , shot linda sachs gimbel , 44 , as they handed over kids .
their 13-year-old daughter and seven-year-old son watched from the car .
sat outside to enjoy the meal with a male friend .
meanwhile , in tasmania you can buy a whole church for only $ 199,000 .
 ashya king , five , is seen smiling as he is gently lifted out of his pushchair .
but on doing so , a sniffer dog found illegal substances hidden in luggage .
boseley , who formerly posed for playboy , is reportedly a real estate agent .
there was little or no contact and moses should face retrospective action .'
british airways apologise to customers for any disruption caused .
meulensteen said he warned ryan giggs of ` the most difficult three years '
husband imran sharif , 44 , arrested and remains in custody .
says that adopting a youngster would be ' a way to give something back '
60 dogs died and 150 had to be rescued in friday 's fire .
was killed in la jolla , san diego , when she stepped out of her car .
 supermarket 's banking arm accidentally breached consumer credit act .
eight executives have been suspended following # 263 million black hole .
 meteors were created by remnants of halley 's comet last seen in 1986 .
 bethania united reform church in talgarth , wales was put up for auction .
the total civil service headcount has now dropped to to under 440,000 .
mccombe briefly attempted to continue with gruesome injury .'
the more attractive wedding dress is favored by the young bride , and the uglier , more expensive dress , is mom 's first choice .
 the 18-year-old was on top of a police officer and stabbing him when he was shot dead , victorian coroners court heard on friday .
tammy hiser , 34 , allegedly attacked boyfriend andrew whitaker , 28 .
hits out at ` dog-owning morons ' for leaving dog mess at the beauty spot .
# 7.99 book sees pugs dressed as famous movie stars .
 european commission president jose manuel barroso will attack leaders .
officials are said to be on point of asking prime minister david cameron .
the pair allegedly tried to import 75kg of the drug ` ice ' to australia .
lee cattermole is suspended after picking up five bookings this season .
but tests later revealed she had cancer of the thyroid - a gland in the neck .
 staff at the palace did n't recognise danish actor nikolaj coster-waldau .
 the 48-year-old british national died at home in vomp , austria , on saturday .
 ben vereen jr. was allegedly arrested at a store on manhattan 's upper west side early thursday morning .
story of one gardener , david mackay tulloch , now on display in london .
but managed to escape elimination as public vote kept her out bottom two .
 singer chrissie hynde backs the campaign to ban horse drawn carriages .
 miss fairhead said bbc should cater more for internet and tablet viewers .
found that their judgement is clouded in thinking petting them is answer .
brothers applied for lease for council house they lived in to pass on to them .
the lotus effect : liquids roll off the fabric , carrying dirt and oil along with it .
he said he ` destroyed ' the girl 's life and was suicidal after the assaults .
most fathers are against their daughters spending the night with their boyfriends , he says .
 the 20-year-old student allegedly took the photo when the female 's eyes were closed , without her knowledge .
the male student wrote a private letter of apology .
troh and her daughter will be free to go out from midnight tonight .
 eric arthur roberts revealed today as real identity of mi5 's jack king .
site in lincolnshire was a vital nato communications link during cold war .
 new mental health research was commissioned by movember foundation .
drivers face constant threat of car bombs and ieds .
team uses fleet of armour-plated land cruisers .'
 alice disappeared from hanwell , west london in august , sparking search .
convicted killer arnis zalkalns was named as prime suspect in the case .
he was found hanged in a woodland days after her body was discovered .
 von meyer , 60 , was arrested after making threats against school .
she argued with a family member before leaving the house .
and comes amid growing pressure for the u.s to do more .'
all eight deny conspiring to cheat the public revenue .
people could come under pressure to end their lives for the sake of others .
house of lords debating legislation to allow the right to die .
they include her mother , two uncles , two aunts and his older brother .
the necklace also comes with matching # 975 cuff .
club president urges oystons to strengthen blackpool on and off field .
it is thought miss witheridge ` had conversation ' with attackers on beach .
 a 39-year-old entered the mosque in auburn in sydney 's south west on saturday .
 former miss scotland jennifer reoch was on hand to unveil the scent .
perfume created for macmillan cancer support fundraising drive .
he also said he would go gay for fellow comic gary gulman .
comes with astonishing 200 acres of sand dunes and its own low-ground shoot , with partridges and pheasants .
what does it mean for van gaal 's united squad this season ?
 women of castleside , durham dales , have stripped for a charity calendar .
 barbara cartland sold wyndham cottage to maureen and john in 1986 .
she is having her home both inside and out painted with four coats .
another australian couple has come forward with same experience .
in this fixture last season , the reds beat arsenal 5-1 at anfield .
steven gerrard believes that a win on sunday could kick-start their season .
chiefs safety has a mass on his chest that is feared to be lymphoma .
the ibrox boss insists he wo n't leave the club before his notice runs out .
but no team has ever won all their group games and lifted the trophy .
manchester city finished second with eight points .
 atletico madrid played out a 0-0 draw with juventus in turin .
clark says colback has won the supporters over by playing well .'
the midfielder left on a free transfer and joined local rivals newcastle .
quinn says it hurts that newcastle are benefiting from sunderland 's work .
alleges it was dumped near to bins at ely ambulance station for over an hour .
said it was because the 999 crew wanted to finish their shift on time .
mr harrison , was found dead last month in littleport , cambridgeshire .
bore many resemblances to skit performed up until september by vanessa ragland and kimberly condict .'
and x-ray revealed that she had her sister 's barbie ring in her throat .
page spews vitriol about black people , gay people , president obama , muslims and more .
local police decided not to press charges since the 44-year-old was cooperative and has no prior record .
a witness claimed the two were having sex in a parked car last month , while watts maintains they were just kissing .
 deborah lippmann unveils gold digger polish .
 an amphibious lambretta and a very early videophone are just two of the other innovations included in collection .
 seydou doumbia is attracting interest from a host of premier league sides .
cska moscow have opened contract negotiations with ivory coast striker .
mayweather has to fight manny pacquiao to be considered the best .
 england beat australia 26-17 at twickenham on saturday .
head coach stuart lancaster insists side are on the right track .
claims he arrived at 12.30 pm for a 1.15 pm flight to china from new york .
he crashed into a property on the nsw far north coast .
 benny palmeri-bacchi , a senior venezuelan judge , arrived on family holiday .
` they do n't suit me ' , he said . '
 jenny winder , 53 , was to fly to the caribbean after the christmas holidays .
 eric pickles says there is a ` culture of cronyism ' at tower hamlets council .
uighurs wearing veils , beards or muslim dress are banned from travelling .
baby luna apparently loves the attention she receives .
andrea gonzalez , also 13 , also died when she was hit crossing the road .
the perth-born solider was awarded the victorian cross in 2010 for his brave role in the afghanistan war .
admitted he suffers from depression and is beginning psychiatric treatment .
justice secretary will announce a new law banning revenge porn .'
 headhunting firm used to find the new bbc trust chairman .
after the messages , deborah bligh decided to break up with mr stocker .
vodafone last in most categories , including call performance and texting .'
diana allegedly made the tapes as she feared for her own safety .
there was no sign of the duchess of cambridge or newborn prince george .
 serdar mohammed , 24 , claims he was handcuffed and blindfolded by british soldiers .
he was transferred to a detention centre and allegedly beaten until he confessed he was part of the taliban .'
hutcheson said the hero ` was n't much of a paratrooper ' after losing limbs .
he will tell investigators that the ira opened fire at troops first .
last uk-controlled base in now camp bastion , which is being dismantled .'
excavators to carry out an underground scan of the grounds on tuesday .'
research by e.on and age uk show parents are welcoming offspring home .
jurors told that teret then told the girl ` you should be thanking us ' .
south-east queensland has the biggest number of ` distressed ' sales .
this weekend 's spring auctions are expected to be ` the crescendo of the season ' .
 auction markets in sydney and melbourne strongest across the country .
both his parents worked at kruger national park , s. africa , where he died .
 izabelle , edith and adlette ramirez have chiari malformation , which pushes the back of the brain into the spinal cord .
mr kawczynski said he was trying to help the 47-year-old addict .
the gangster worked as a bouncer in a brothel upon arriving in the city .
capone moved his entire family into the house after he bought it for $ 5,500 .
 star is already face of aw14 range .
will also target those who sell products portraying excessive drinking as fun .
uruguayan denied barcelona and real madrid clauses in his contract .
on monday , hatch 's condition was upgraded to satisfactory ; the other two students remain in critical condition .
 squirrel burger challenge held yesterday in forest of dean , gloucestershire .
flight from laguardia left half an hour late .
believed that dressing up will help to draw the bears out of enclosure .'
 a medical examiner has determined that enterovirus-d68 is the cause of the death of eli waller , 4 .
eli 's is the first death with enterovirus-d68 as the determined cause .
 finnish travel company luxury action creates ` hollywood experience ' .
the feminine pieces are designed to be worn from day to night .'
 the duchess of cambridge 's sister was spotted at a country hoedown .
swing-dance cowboy chris koch found pippa to be ' a real pretty woman ' .
just 1.4 % in manual or low-skilled jobs described themselves as gay .
 cctv shows hooded thugs sneaking into allotments to smash greenhouses .
amy rademaker and natasha weigel died after their car veered off the road .
had been in buggy but jumped up to run across road to grandmother .
 marchella , 4 , was beaten and starved in front of her elder brother tymel by their mother .
the intruder asked if al faisal college was a muslim school .
but miss gilmore tells court today she has fallen in love with bowyer .
 the punishment affects 38 inmates across six jails in maricopa county .
mcculloch thinks it is time for the players to look in the mirror .'
 qpr are interested in signing promising galway youngster ryan manning .
brand say she 's ` the symbol of genuine and radiant beauty ' .
he has pleaded not .
scottish midfielder has started just five games this season .
specialist divers and archaeologists were assigned to retrieve items .'
found after having a baby a man 's testosterone levels drop .
mark hughes believes the blues can win four trophies this season .
hamilton had earlier visited the motogp of cataluyna in montemelo .
 lewis hamilton wins the malaysian grand prix from pole position .
 saracens notch 11 tries in commanding victory against london welsh .
her season 's earnings totalled # 208,500 on ladies european tour order .
he was hurled into siberian wilderness and started to run after train .
david silva scored twice for the champions in 3-0 win against crystal palace on saturday .
 leicester tigers defeat toulon 25-21 on sunday .
karl oyston says he has known whelan for 10 years and he is no racist .
 the 400g jar of custard cream spread is being sold for # 1.99 .
he grabbed a knife from behind the counter and took the female manager of the deli hostage , threatening her .
police arrived and shot at the man , fatally wounding him .
the queen presented the winger with the medal in her coronation year .
stones has been absent since october after ankle ligament injury .
roma 's pace on the wings can exploit city 's weaknesses .
the world cup winner was released from hospital on tuesday .'
it added that it would be ` inconceivable ' for britain to pull out of echr .
was dressed as laa laa from the bbc children 's series at the time .
 melbourne panel beater ivan joe d'angelo shot dead a burglar during a break-in in march 2013 .
miss maiden recognised herself and family in the background of picture .
but retiring senator said you should not vote just because she is attractive .
but it has also witnesses a couple of grisly murders over the years .
minutes after they were arrested kokontis considers the best way out .
the married mother-of-one had travelled more than 100 miles for job .
it did n't smell like what you 're going to eat at a restaurant , ' said fire chief marshall nall .
 the seaside town in devon received silver gilt at britain in bloom .
 richard cann caught dengue fever while working on the island of sumatra .
 sydney based lawyer issam sam issa has been banned from acting as a migration agent for five years .
mr issa denies the allegations and is launching an appeal .
tripadvisor-style reviews have been posted via facebook for different jails .
some have given hmp liverpool five stars and said it was a ` great hotel '
 with your wings is a story about a black war veteran written by john steinbeck .
leaked emails suggest dame rachel de souza knew about inspections .
ofsted has announced an ` independent figure ' will conduct an investigation .
the report concerns russia and qatar 's successful world cup bids .
despite negotiations , mr musawi 's body was found on tuesday with three bullet wounds and signs of torture .
was rushed back to the south yorkshire hospital within 24 hours in agony .
little girl got up from the floor straight away after slamming into the bonnet .
 christopher hoerler tortured and killed seven-month-old baby jordan in 2000 .
she must now have both arms and both legs amputated in the coming weeks .
 several pubs and restaurants made the cut in the guide 's 2015 edition .
 teacher jeremy forrest , 30 , accused of abducting schoolgirl , then 15 .
he married johana 's sister edith yesterday in the city where she was shot .
 heberto lujan fuentes , 43 , shot the men during incident in mexico city .
the charity has said they will buy a three-bedroom apartment for the now nine-month-old and his thai family .
 artur mierzejewski , 34 , rescued a man who jumped into the east river to do the viral challenge .
strasburg stopped his pitch seconds before she dashed past .'
 star weeps as he leaves the pitch in final ever game as a footballer .
 militant group in charge of northern iraq accused of ordering fgm .
whistler estate home has a media room and heated outdoor pool .
tourists place padlocks on the bridge to seal their love .
bodies found in a car park near a school .
he then allegedly threatened to kill five-year-old , before kidnapping him .
he then killed the critter with a wrench so it could be taken for testing .
 the son of daniel crespo called 911 september 30 after his mother levette crespo shot the bell gardens mayor .
research was based on the last meals of 247 prisoners between 2002-2006 .
this means the male fish are intersex or have two genders .
method is unusual as does not use any prosthetic materials .
 the retired new york giants running back told bethenny frankel he and traci johnson 's child was due in december before rubbing his young bride 's belly .
 congressman don young spoke at alaska 's wasilla high school yesterday .
they tried to cover the england international 's car in wrapping paper .
year '
 schumacher is showing slight ` encouraging ' improvements , manager says .
around 20,000 could be left stranded in germany as flights are grounded .
dr alexis thomas said the poster ` shifts the blame for the rape to the victim '
her two friends also suffered minor injuries in the incident in oxfordshire .
other mental illnesses were at just 10 per cent , same as general population .
owner of bar , where hannah was last seen , said on thursday that she was drunk when she left with matthew on september 13 .
steven carter , 49 , from devon twice received letters from csa saying he would get refund .
baby boy had bleeding brain , eyes and also bruising on his torso , court told .
 daniela poggiali , 41 , was arrested on suspicion of killing 38 patients .
the naked man seemed oblivious as one passenger snapped a photo of him .
 rumours state the nexus 6 will have a 5.9-inch screen .
the device is expected to run android l and is codenamed shamu .
in the run up to the royal engagement in 2010 , couple spotted embracing .
t.d.
 sergio aguero said boss manual pellegrini is first to give them what for .
jailed in livingston , louisiana , over accusations from hayden 's son .
ford , the boy 's stepfather , allegedly beat him with black belt in september .
 yearbook for mesa high school includes a spread on teen parents called ` i 'm working a double shift ' .
fortnum 's then started sourcing pork and bacon from elsewhere .
it is alleged he was assaulted and taken against his will on that day .
police say mr barker was then transported to the sunshine coast , southeast queensland .
during that time he attended the gym regularly and entered competitions .
she moved to southern spain in 2004 and falsely claimed more than # 20,000 .
but , over time , those who scored high on honesty also behaved badly .
only 4 % of people in the uk give blood regularly , figures show .
 a mystery man was spotted in manchester wearing the humiliating sign .
a woman was killed in the accident while her four-year-old son was injured .
 wolves keen on signing leicester wideman anthony knockaert on loan .
bruce says his scouts could not find any weaknesses in chelsea 's side .
 brendan rodgers is under scrutiny after liverpool crashed out of the champions league following a 1-1 draw with basle .
 kellie maloney is currently undergoing gender reassignment .
the toffees were beaten 3-0 away at southampton on saturday .
 james milner made more sprints than any other manchester city player .
the chancellor has defended the deal as ' a real win for british taxpayers ' .
 chelsea leonard was diagnosed with stomach cancer in july last year .
says that defence and prosecution ignored crucial evidence .
 uncle poodle and fiance are believed to have researched ground rules for winning temporary custody of the child reality star .
 reports from special forces officers differ dramatically from the rosy picture of the afghan national army painted by the pentagon .
after a rocky start to the relationship the pair separated but did n't divorce .
miss ochona was shocked to find decesare had wed another woman .
miss reilly was dropped from bbc one programme countryfile in 2008 .
the nine - piece capsule collection aims to fuse fashion and funciton .
 ons figures reveal only 22 per cent of self-employed men have a pension .
vella is selling t-shirts , stubby holders and key rings to help fund his court battle .
it means more and more male models are active on instagram and facebook .
wrap up a favourite toy then give it to them as asurprise to cheer them up .
check seatguru and skyscanner to prevent unexpected charges .
the pm faces a battle against eu leaders to cut uk contribution demands .
the eu commission has demanded an extra # 1.7 billion by december 1 .
 children 's radio star alleged to have molested boys .
retailer has resigned labels on italian range this year and had a rise in sales .
 lin chen photographed still wandering the streets of london this week .
right-wing demonstrators were protesting against camp of migrants .
rail firms can increase ticket prices by 3 % more than inflation .
 santosh benjamin-muthiah , 36 , pulled .
traffic was backed up for miles , freeway closed between i-96 and joy road .
she insists samy did not have a knife - but was holding a ` big pen ' .
it primarily hits children and the survival rate is between nine and 12 months .
umpires called the police who arrested her father at the tennis court .
 italvino and diva poss were both in the hospital to be treated for separate ailments .
eight us destinations in top 20 most popular instagram locations .
presenter bought the property for # 300,000 in 2008 after it lay empty for 39 years and spent # 150,000 bringing it to life .
 paul gascoigne , 47 , looked healthier as he returned to his home .
the lorry was parked at service station off the a303 in ilminster , somerset .
nearly three-quarters of us are taking a ` staycation ' this year , up from 33 per cent in 2010 .
 triathlete jessica earp removed the front wheel of her bike before locking it .
david hanson accused officials of not being ` bothered to do the paperwork ' .
 integrated system works by linking a smart car 's display with an iphone .
interactive sculpture let visitors stand inside and text to create light display .
then discharged the weapon with one officer being shot in the hand .
 justice department releases more than 64,000 pages of documents .
obama administration attempted to hold them under executive privilege .
 martin and jacqui clark accuse tripadvisor of operating ` above the law ' .
 an ipswich truck painter snapped photographs of a snake eating a possum .
the snake was wrapped around the possum and they had fallen off the roof .
labour said his ` disgraceful ' remarks showed children were at risk .
 jean wright claims she was fired from st peter 's college after conspiracy .
they will include new seating plans such as facing seats for families .
couple pods will have wine coolers and there will be a child-free zone .
a ` kids club ' to keep children entertained and a beach bar for adults .
engaged to his girlfriend of five months , sophie hunter .
mendoza charged with first-degree felony murder ; being held without bail .
the veteran actress denies the offence and will go on trial in february .'
mr shaw told police he was picking them up and officers arrested crook .
eteo was trained as a protection dog , also a great childhood companion .
the duo and their children were invited by david 's sister and her partner .
 jonathan thompson of amityville , new york , pleaded guilty to beating 4-year-old adonis reed to death in january of 2013 .
he was jailed for 20 years , narrowly avoiding the death sentence .'
 service allows shoppers to create their perfect shoe from around # 475 .
 a bizarre mutant creature has been found by a singapore fisherman .
 tanika nadarajah ate her favourite sandwich for breakfast on way to school .
michael gove 's daughter beatrice also attends the school in westminster .
cellino has been allowed to stay on until appeal is heard on january 15 .
around the world this christmas .
after months of chemotherapy she has decided to stop treatment .
and now reports claims the stainless steel version will cost $ 500 .
he thought he was interviewing an isis commander but it was a fake .
wore # 745 earrings and bib to event at national history museum .
rented # 1,100-a-month home in giffnock , east renfrewshire , then # 2,500-a-month house in thorntonhall , south lanarkshire .
 vinson , 29 , was released today and appeared at press conference .
the former magistrate did n't tell department for work and pensions that her boyfriend james mcmaster moved in in october 2010 .
a book on how to pass a polygraph test was found in his truck .'
 ally mccoist handed in his resignation on sunday evening .
aguero netted a hat-trick against bayern munich on tuesday night .
the nypd is asking the public to call 800-577-tips with information .
 west ham take on leicester in the premier league on saturday .
jose mourinho 's side have just lost one of their 17 league games so far .
he says we choose gala and jazz apples over cox because they are sweeter .
new south wales had the most babies at 100,462 , which was an increase from 2012 .
 faa changed rules this year to let passengers use devices throughout flight .
mps ` considering former home secretary alan johnson as replacement ' .
he was his servant at blenheim palace before volunteering for war in 1914 .
the remaining twin now lives in spain with his family and is a priest .
irish police initially feared she may have been child sex slave from europe and spent # 200,000 on a world wide appeal for her identity .
lib dem predicament not much of a concern to bored activists in glasgow .
it showcased famous internet cats such as colonel meow , grumpy cat .'
joey also goes to the shops with him and sleeps beside him as he works .
 cartier made the halo tiara after being commission by the queen 's father , king george vi .
queen has previously lent priceless headpiece to princesses margaret and anne .
when she was 21 , the dancer met ` daniel ' who said he was a photographer .
 former soviet leader , 83 , did not give exact details of his condition .
this means mosquitoes with wolbachia will spread quickly in brazil .
 rick snyder picked up all the coins he found lying around for 10 years .
 company announced new filters will show who posted the most in the week .
 the 11-year old reticulated python lives at louisville zoo in kentucky .
 f-35 lightning ii fighter cost $ 400billion to develop and was hit by delays .
the youngster was suspended from a door frame and seem in distress .
but neither hart nor rooney make the starting xi .
stranded passengers and crew had to be transported to the terminal by bus .
 retired admiral james stavridis made the claim on msnbc .
janowski 's lawyer said he ` denies having ordered ' the killing .
cambridge graduate ` did not understand all the nuances of our language ' .
 virginia the juliana pig has convinced herself that she is a dog .
england won the game 1-0 at wembley on the way to their world cup win .
comments came on us chat show ` jimmy kimmel live ! '
 the singer , 21 , follows in the footsteps of lady gaga and rihanna .
the new miley-inspired lip products will hit the shelves in early 2015 .
 chinese boy born moments before his mother died in road accident .
his younger brother gordon had been the second speaker of the cromarty language until he passed away last year aged 86 .'
 the 144th open championship will be held at st andrews next summer .
mary berry however thinks she is better at baking cakes than paul .
ael limassol winger edu oirol will talk to the club on thursday .
 tristen kurilla , 10 , charged with fatally beating a 90-year-old helen novack on saturday remained in adult prison on wednesday .
 british women 's handbags weigh more than a small dog .
in eight months , he has gained 29,000 followers including celebrities such as ricky gervais and ellie goulding .'
dove 's ` natural beauty ' and #nomakeupselfie trend also behind rise .
rhoads , of oklahoma city , will appear at pre-trial conference in november .
mother-of-two had been hoping to spend one last christmas with family .
 countryside alliance said hunts attracted increasing numbers of children .
 roberto martinez has confirmed kevin mirallas and james mccarthy are back from injury .
caretaker gers boss kenny mcdowall had to tell durrant the news .
former england batsman scored just one in 52-run defeat on saturday .
he posted a video on instagram showing how he hones his skills .
 formula one champion lewis hamilton nominated alongside rory mcilroy for bbc sports personality of the year which will be held on sunday .
marseille stay top of ligue 1 , but miss the chance to go four points clear .
kubrat pulev is undefeated in 20 fights and believes he will be victorious .
 manchester united players met with fans suffering from life-threatening illnesses as part of the dream days initiative .
juve sit top of serie a and have qualified for champions league last 16 .
but napoli boss rafa benitez confident his side can produce a shock .
sergio ramos and gareth bale scored the goals for the la liga leaders .
gareth bale 's sensational run and goal was the difference on the night .
the argentine wants his team to unsettle real madrid and barcelona again .
mats hummels pulled one back for the visitors in the 69th minute .
 excavations taking place on an ancient synagogue found in migdal , israel .
bartholomew is medically retired and living in virginia , where his new job with the u.s. parks police conflicted with flying to hawaii for the meeting .'
 dna tests will help oncologists decide on the correct drug treatment .
 the w hotel in south beach , florida , is offering the deal to wealthy couples .
 jonathan parker was suspended from washwood heath academy .
a friend of mr parker said posts were made in jest and satirised ukip .
grief counselors are on hand at seymour high school in connecticut .
the teenager was convulsing and her friends told police the young woman had only taken one and a half pills .
witnesses told daily mail australia that the teen collapsed on the dance floor and was frothing at the mouth .
the national crime agency will now seek his extradition from spain .
 amateur and professional clubs united to take part in a series ` football remembers ' events this weekend .
french firm edf to build the plant and will get guaranteed cash for 35 years .
the instagram shows police supporting the community in other ways .
comes after millions of people had details compromised in summer .
 the poster was created by club dakota to promote an event in october .
allegations have shocked 40,000-strong community of quincy in illinois .
 uk death toll from respiratory diseases 70 % higher than eu average .
then thrust his arm deeper into beast 's mouth - and it swam away .
another pilot parachuted from spacecraft , but was seriously hurt .
mark noble returns for the hammers after four games out .
 police have charged a man , 24 , over the death of gregory john hudson .
an opened wrapper for a sterile spoon was also found at nottingham park .
some scenes showed koalas thrusting into fake genitalia .'
five-year probe found major armstrong had helped write his own citation .
but the couple , freddie , stanley , daisy and reggie are now all happy .
the government is set to impose a ` google tax ' similar to the uk .
most expensive property was the home of eminent property developer vera boyarsky .
 the beloved original british sitcom ran from 1968 to 1977 .
 everton will hope to have forward kevin mirallas available for stoke city .
sociedad boss david moyes was furious at the award of a spot-kick from referee santiago jaime latre .'
irvine has hit back and urged his players to use criticism to spur them on .
had freiburg won , borussia dortmund would have been last at christmas .'
warnock previously managed the eagles for three years , but left for qpr .
did you know pluckley in kent is the most haunted village in england ?
nigel pearson has expressed his disappointment over the decision .
they said his fate has been sealed and he is being left to die .
 john butcher , 50 , had secret singing lessons ahead of daughter 's wedding .
wanted to surprise natalie , 26 , and her wedding guests .
 former channel 5 news anchor has moved to oxfordshire .
 glittery tattoos for horses are brainchild of sally rees , 40 , from coventry .
designs and logos can be applied using stencils .
started new job at online auction house .
they issue ` tickets ' and put up signs warning drivers not to park illegally .
 debby is the manager of a sheltered housing complex for the elderly .
but residents say they can contact her 24/7 - she is always available .
flight logs that were released this spring show that clinton flew on epstein 's private jet more than 10 times between 2002 and 2005 .
 apple co-founder wozniak slammed devices for not offering more storage .
hammami grew up in daphne , alabama and joined al-shabab in 2006 .
the three women escaped when he accidentally left a bedroom door open .
he was found dead in his prison cell tuesday , after hanging himself with a bed sheet .
 suspects told they were unlikely to face court after good friday agreement .
government now withdraws terms of so-called ` comfort letters '
one of the biggest commutes recorded by office for national statistics study .'
norfolk police confirm they are looking to ` beef up security '
 john terry scored in chelsea 's 2-0 win over west ham on boxing day .
 uncapped rilee rossouw could make south africa debut on boxing day .
kauto star won the king george vi chase on five separate occasions .
 manchester united face southampton at st mary 's on monday night -lrb- 8pm -rrb- .
but martinez said he will not change everton 's style of play .
 united biscuits reveals biscuits go through reservoir of chocolate which ` enrobes ' .
 celtic keeper fraser forster is a target for southampton .
charlton 's reza ghoochannejhad is the key man for iran .
 tv extra janet brown , 51 , has not been seen since 2005 .
 presenter shows her ignorance of the films on tonight 's antiques roadshow .
the 30-year-old asks her husband ` is it toast even when it 's not toasted ? '
the performer claims her tones are result of speech therapy .'
 device - inspired by hubble space telescope - comprises of two lenses .
the mini-telescope helps to treat age-related macular degeneration .
 hospitals were so busy last winter patients were told to go to an asda walk-in centre for care .
 the duchess of cornwall has vowed to speak out about sexual violence .
 razvan dumitru , 22 , stole from 66-year-old as she rummaged in her purse .
 adam pearson , 29 , suffers from skin condition neurofibromatosis .
 ahmed farah , 25 , is facing being deported from britain back to somalia .
brad jones has been deputising for mignolet in recent weeks .
cook got the better of anderson on the alexandra palace stage .
 international premier tennis league comprises five one-set shootouts .
brad jones injured his thigh after 15 minutes of liverpool 's game on friday .
former arsenal striker will now be pundit with sky sports .
dave bassett formed ideas to help team bonding through dolly parton .
he has been wining and dining a number of dissatisfied tory mps .
performed for five minutes at headquarters club in manhattan .
marouane fellaini brought sergio aguero down but nothing was given .
his international quality can not be questioned - until you get to tournament football .
the manager wants to foster a better team spirit .
had reserved sunbeds at luxury hotel but were confronted by a man .
however , they 're more productive when sharing space with the other gender .
14-year-old had been playing with classmates during school 's pe lesson .
workers were pictured installing stoves for the smoke signal .
was shot three times , including once while on the ground .
 bernie madoff reveals to barbara walters that he 's the happiest he 's happier in prison than he 's been in past 20 years .
 first lady photographed shopping in target store in alexandria , virginia .
 new eu law means vacuum cleaners with more than 1,600 watts are banned .
 tyson , the chihuahua and ihasa cross is just 4in tall and weighs 13oz .
 ma'lik richmond was one of two teens convicted last year of raping the girl .
 rosdeep adekoya , 34 , pleaded guilty to culpable homicide after killing son .
hours before his arrest he had declared his love for his pet dogs .
passenger andrea cunningham said ` you could feel the plane tug ' .
two ` blood-soaked ' men arrested while police hunt the other two suspects .
now they are available in a bottle in form of revolutionary new powder .
the neighbours could not agree when to shut the gate at the entrance .
appeared in video showing murder of british hostage david haines .
thomas moffett , 51 , from blackburn , lancashire , was on temporary licence .
came as prime minister attacked ukip as ` discredited '
 ian forman , 42 , of birkenhead , merseyside , was obsessed with hitler .
 denis mckay and stuart turner have been struck off the roll of solicitors .
 jennice lynch , 19 , targeted her own family home in a string of burglaries .
afterwards kaunisto said the interview helped him play better .
former ajax man has made 27 appearances for holland .'
 the cluster of man-made islands resemble the world 's map from above .
 arsenal hope to lure winston reid to the club in january .
the american right-back impressed during the 2014 world cup .'
 adrian lewis cruises through to second round at alexandra palace .
mauricio pochettino 's bench cost approximately # 100million .
charlie adam is unhappy with people labelling stoke as bullies .
 wilfried bony has been swansea 's standout player this season .
 ashley barnes played for brighton between 2010 and 2014 .
 cristiano ronaldo came close to joining birmingham city for # 6million .
shows like c4 's benefits street are ` winning the argument ' , ids claims .
allegedly attacked andrew and wendy stewart at a hotel bar in tenerife .
former colombian international striker asprilla retired 10 years ago .'
turkish club will not even enter the europa league after finishing bottom .
fleurieu ditched the $ 50k emirates deal due to the negative publicity .
incident was mentioned in more than 40 pages of her 1984 personal papers .
more than 1,000 migrants are now at port in bid to cross channel to uk .'
keys confiscated from woman and black seat searched and towed away .
the scene featured character linda carter being raped by her nephew .
the guests at redbank plains became violent , hurling bottles at police .
yougov found only 34 % of labour voters think miliband is up to being pm .
 malvern cinema in worcestershire is to swap seats for larger furniture .
 giant stone picture of a moose was discovered from satellite images in 2011 .
it 's a mystery why the geoglyph was created around 6,000 years ago .
 tim charles captured the reactions of 34 people after drinking a shot .
he was inspired after seeing his girlfriend grimace in a bar after a round .'
 moana is the latest cg animated film to be produced by disney .
the inventor created it after his coffee habit was affecting his health .
she is one of 62 politicians who could face trial for fiddling her expenses .
 andrew morris , 30 , is accused of stabbing henry stangroom , 21 , to death .
but the jury failed to reach a verdict on two charges .
they ` jemmied open ' several cabinets inside the museum .
but bradford city council sent him an eviction notice because his plot was not ` cultivated to the required standards .
his red astra smashed through a safety barrier at 10.30 am on tuesday .
on her return , she was placed under mandatory quarantine , but defied it .
luciano vietto scored a second-half double for the hosts .
` there 's no doubt that there 's some .
two-year-old girl had already finished her 's , paramedics were called .
he married his long-time mistress blanche d'alpuget the same year .
miss yemm had been campaigning for release of her jailed former boyfriend .
 roy hodgson has selected danny welbeck whenever he 's been available .
the arsenal forward has scored five goals for england this season .
 officers from the nsw police dog unit issue koala with ` move along ' notice .
the 31-year-old mother-of-six faked having stage six ovarian cancer .
 eh shepard 's sketch first published in 1928 for the house at pooh corner .
it accompanies a chapter in which the friends invent their new game .
the 25-year-old has added martina navratilova to her coaching team .
hull are without james chester , who scored in boxing day win .
 danny welbeck scored second in a 2-1 win over west ham on sunday .
 ron vlaar has suffered from numerous injuries this season .
mcclean then clinched the win for wigan in the 83rd minute .
but peacock fears mike ashley wo n't want to pay derby compensation .
goa police have now opened a murder investigation into her death .'
dan ashworth said he was sorry to see rigg leave his role at the fa .'
quinn scored 59 goals in 155 league games for magpies from 1989-1992 .
 study of 150,000 male swedish siblings .
 dominic solanke scored three as chelsea beat sporting 6-0 .
 demba ba scored against tottenham earlier this season .
 daniel agyei has scored 22 goals for afc wimbledon u18s this season .
volunteers will start dismantling the artwork - the blood swept lands and seas of red - on wednesday .'
referee paul delgadilo sent four players off during the second leg .
eight executives have been suspended following # 263 million black hole .
 footage shows megan welter hitting and scratching professional fighter .
argument started over text message sent to ex-girlfriend .
harry kane was guilty of taking a dive to try and win a penalty .
the barbados-born pop singer posts picture alongside brazil legend pele .
decided to replace the tyre using his son 's sledge which was in the boot .
the decision came on same day as a court appearance by ms tilley .
 to prevent people making a quick profit off the cricketer 's legacy cricket australia have trademarked the phrase ` 63 not out ' .
two years on , he is ` between 50 and 75 % per cent recovered ' from surgery .
48-year-old had undergone a routine procedure on his heart .
all would need to display calorie counts for any prepared food offered on menu boards .
if the high court rules with opponents of the law , they hope obamacare will unravel entirely , allowing congress to redo health care reform from scratch .'
painted paula , or pp , was poisoned after eating sycamore tree seeds .
if only men voted in manchester by-election , ukip would romp home .
she was denied nhs funding for surgery to enable her to walk .
schoolgirl said the tomcat ` disappeared ' after her husband ` threw -lsb- it -rsb- out ' .
his mother , zoe , 35 , said she ` thanked god ' for her ` amazing , special boy '
tv cook predicted ` it will slowly die ' in the uk as people taste other dishes .
he spent hours with the 93-year-old and described him as ` knowledgeable ' .
officers struck with bottles as they attempted to disperse crowds .
the luxury four-bedroom lakeside cabin is set next to mount moran .
david cameron has said uk should spend 2 % of annual income on defence .
 kick it out were prepared to drop lukaku as one of their ambassadors .
 wolfsburg defender rodriguez has impressed at the world cup .
 yaya toure was left out of manchester city 's squad to face burnley .
but toure has taken to twitter to refute the claims of his manager .
 craig bellamy retired from football after cardiff city 's relegation .
the 35-year-old has returned to the welsh club as academy coach .
 five turbines proposed for tolpuddle in dorset and a maximum of seven for charminster .
 liverpool won 4-1 at home to swansea city in premier league on monday .
wilfried zaha 's return to the crystal palace line-up failed to impress .
leslie silver passed away on monday , aged 89 .
 ea sport crunch the numbers to reveal player performance index chart .
 andros townsend could join queens park rangers in january .
the midfielder has been instrumental in man united 's return to form .
marouane fellaini will miss out after sustaining a rib injury .
 bojan krkic moved to stoke city from barcelona during the summer .
tiger have chance to put nine points between themselves and foxes .
it is understood bojan was n't aware of the laser light on him .
 tony pulis is on the brink of being named as west brom 's new boss .
 west ham are preparing to face west brom in the premier league .
sundby , .
dejan lovren blocked stephen taylor in the liverpool penalty area .
santi cazorla and danny welbeck scored for the gunners .
francois hollande is determined to see the policy enacted .
the # 30 brush helps make your hair feel smoother .'
this includes everything from new furniture to housework to new cars .
wigan chairman already facing an fa charge over alleged racist remarks .
 author was commissioned to write anti-communist novel of vice and virtue .
when mclean died in 2006 he owned 23 paintings by the artist .
dressed three-month old daughter princess leonore in matching outfit .
crown princess victoria was also on duty speaking at citizen ceremony .'
 chia seeds and cold-pressed chia oil touted as latest superfood .
education secretary nicky morgan hit back at warning over ` influx ' .
nsw premier mike baird has confirmed that the flowers will be composted and used to fertilise a future memorial site .
 sean abbott has been warming up with the nsw squad ahead of facing queensland in a sheffield shield match starting tuesday .
it is the players ' decision whether or not they will play in the first test .
the group was exposed to ebola after their colleague got it this month .
 sean abbott is playing in the sheffield shield match at the scg on tuesday .
 lady powell taken hostage by the gang at her home outside rome .
he is said to have stolen and travelled with his brother 's passport .
 mickey rourke boxes elliott seymour in moscow on friday .
 the 20-year-old beat international competitors with a score of 516.55 .
brazil have won all five of their matches so far under new boss dunga .
scholes adds van gaal appears more ` subdued ' than at the world cup .
players such as angel di maria have appeared ` downbeat ' recently .
 balotelli takes to instagram to thank liverpool fans for their support .
 wilshere and jagielka pose for twitter selfie whilst on international duty .
 barcelona stars have been in training ahead of rayo vallecano game .
the german pair celebrating arsenal 's 3-0 win over aston villa on saturday .
three people taken to hospital with injuries from the attacks .
arrived at investigators ' offices in nanterre , western paris yesterday at 8am .
he was fined $ 50,000 but has appealed that .
said rape he committed was ` not violent and victim was drunk ' .
 harry styles had a secret romance before caroline flack caught his eye .
 sovereign shared feelings with us ambassador to the uk matthew barzun .
brent grommet , 23 , is desperate to adopt a german shepherd named matty who served as his only companion while he served in afghanistan .
 papiss cisse elbowed seamus coleman at st james ' park on sunday .
the prime minister made the comments during an afternoon tea for the australian and indian cricket teams in sydney on thursday .
 hoaxer adam stuart busby , 24 , accused of emailing 17 bomb threats .
the hospital was not owned by bupa at the time of lucas ' treatment .
london 's high court heard he will require another transplant in the future .
researcher john paul floyd uncovered new evidence about its provenance .
 faf du plessis hit a four off the first ball of the day for his fourth test 100 .
play was finally abandoned at 5.05 pm after just six overs in the day .
hull boss steve bruce has once again been linked with a move to tyneside .
the baggies are preparing for a busy january transfer window .
 robin van persie won the sporting moment of the year award at the dutch sports gala for his flying header against spain at the world cup .
england under 21 international is on loan from newcastle united .'
john terry was all smiles during training as the players larked about .
derek mcinnes deserves to spend money in january , says willie miller .
 kris commons has struggled for appearances at celtic this season .
the 33-year-old has been in impressive form this season , scoring 12 goals .'
 stephen hendrie has impressed for hamilton this season .
swansea and crystal palace are both interested in signing the defender .
 hamilton academical beat celtic 1-0 to go top of scottish premiership .
first time accies had won at celtic park in 76 years .
caroline wozniacki takes a dig at her ex-boyfriend rory mciiroy on twitter .
 strugglers newcastle were unlucky not to beat harlequins at the stoop .
dubai is named the best-rated shopping destination in the world .'
 first striking britain in september 1944 , v2 - v for ` vengeance weapon - was hitler 's last throw of the dice .
unlike the predecessor the v1 , you could not see - or hear - a v2 coming as it travelled faster than the speed of sound .
colback made move from rivals sunderland in the summer .
 roberto martinez and his everton squad visited alder hey on monday .
in total , 82 people have been arrested in connection to the fight .'
san lorenzo will play real madrid in saturday 's final in morocco .
barcelona wanted to sign a replacement under ` exceptional situations ' .
 abu hamza 's trial for terrorism charges in new york starts this month .
nadal beat bulgarian grigor dimitrov in the quarter final in melbourne .
 ryan macdonald , 20 , finally caught after 10 days on the run .
all 50 of the world 's dreamliners owned by eight airlines now grounded .
 chelsea 's eden hazard has n't missed in his 17 premier league penalties .
david meyler said mcgregor has been an inspiration since day one .
british backpackers were bludgeoned to death on the thai island last month .
father-of-two , 60 , was living in australia , but had a british passport .
his sons said that they are ` completely devastated ' by their father 's death .
his sons said that they are ` completely devastated ' by their father 's death .
but north korean leader yesterday appeared in public for first time in weeks .
his girlfriend claire oakford watched it unfold as she sunned herself on the beach .
 twenty inmates starred in the west end-style show at hmp bronzefield .
 anna roberts , 19 , has emetophobia - the fear of vomit and vomiting .
dunmore has terrorised neighbours with sounds of drumming and shouting .
chats between geoff fox and a photographer were posted on a blog .
this is the second job fox has lost in 18 months .
tickle .
 slavisa jokanovic played for chelsea between 2000 and 2002 .
defender marcos rojo missed the clash due to a thigh injury .
giger also inspired .
 swiss media report the formula 1 legend ` will leave the clinic soon and could be cared for at home ' .
 michael ouazine says hull gave hatem ben arfa permission to go to paris .
steve bruce had claimed he was unaware of the frenchman 's whereabouts .
 two of the four children were born in a government hospital .
 van gaal suffers a flat tyre whilst out and about driving his car .
bbc has covered wimbledon for 80 years and has contract until 2017 .
stuart lancaster believes his squad can ` switch off ' by heading home .
he says this will allow them to be out of the ` intense scrutiny ' for a period .
manuel pellegrini refused to respond to mourinho 's claims .
but coloccini insists management ` is not for now ' and wants to play .
 john carver was at newcastle as a teenager , alongside pal paul gascoigne .
carver has worked with youth at the club , and been a manager in the mls .'
 chelsea lost 5-3 to tottenham at white hart lane on new year 's day .
300 mile trip could be completed in under two hours .
 james rodriguez misplaces pass during real madrid .
liverpool and everton are both aiming for europa league glory .
 frank lampard scored the winner against sunderland on new year 's day .
the former chelsea midfielder will stay with manchester city .
he admires the quality of lewis hamilton and rory mcilroy in their sports .
 abu anas al-liby wanted for plotting attacks on us embassies in 1998 .
 william tyrell has been missing since september 12 .
 the property is considered to be in a prime location in leichhardt , sydney 's inner west .
said overweight people were ` deluded ' and ` lacked discipline ' .
southampton sold their clause on gareth bale for just # 3million .
 alan pardew sneaks into newcastle training ground in disguise .
showed americans viewed her at the time as novelty figure .
dale is now heading back to his job at a pub in gosforth .
van gaal admires kuyt 's work ethic with the national team .
 a lamborghini dealership sold a tesla model s for an unknown sum .
 nathan upton taught at .
 andrius cesna , was stopped at a roundabout when car was driven into him .
he was pelted with machine-gun fire and died while being taken to hospital .
steffen freund will stay at spurs as part of pochettino 's backroom staff .
xavi believes that the club have been ` screwed ' by the decision .
 frank lampard breaks the deadlock for hosts at the beginning of the second half .
striker james hayter gave his son the chance to be a mascot at the game .
 bournemouth right back adam smith went for dinner in brentwood , essex .
the 21-year-old belgian is the brother of chelsea star eden hazard .
 chelsea have allowed patrick bamford to remain on loan .
the 29-year-old is currently at bradford on a short-term deal .
 thomas wells treated french and belgian soldiers and civilians under fire .
maltese side hibernians reveal they have offered him a contract .
novak djokovic won his second wimbledon title in the summer .
only two english players - phil taylor and stephen bunting - remain .
 adrian lewis hit the tournament 's first nine-dart finish on tuesday .
 2014 ryder cup was won by team europe in september .
moussa sissoko made it 3-2 for the hosts with just 12 minutes to go .
 liverpool drew 2-2 against leicester city in the premier league .
 maya yoshida has committed his future to high-flying southampton .
 wrexham manager kevin wilkin will aim for an fa cup third-round upset .
 james forrest has endured an injury-jinxed few seasons at celtic .
 liverpool captain steven gerrard will move to the mls at the end of the season .
orlu admits match at the crabble athletic ground will be biggest of his life .
 lee cattermole made his professional debut aged 17 against newcastle .
the newcastle united defender had to be taken off in the 60th minute .
steven taylor come off injured with suspected ankle ligament rupture .
australia lead india 2-0 with third test to take place in melbourne .'
pardew played for palace from 1987 until 1991 .'
what do you remember about southampton 's 8-0 mauling of sunderland ?
maltese side hibernians reveal they have offered him a contract .
hartlepool manager ronnie moore said signing evans was ' a possibility ' .
 bankston was standing on a rail car as it was backing up and derailed tuesday at a coal plant in birmingham , alabama .
 hart will start for city in tuesday night 's meeting with roma at the etihad .
 theatre producer tom hopkins , 26 : ' i was in love her ' .
shop assistant told winfrey ` you wo n't be able to afford ' the bag .
 isla and grace devine both diagnosed with eye cancer at just 12 months old .
travellers can log in anonymously to surf profiles of other passengers .
tartan army fans booed ireland 's glasgow-born aiden mcgeady .
 manchester city beat sheffield wednesday 2-1 in their fa cup clash .
sunderland have offered # 10million to make fabio borini 's move permanent .
nishikori is the first asian man to reach a grand slam final .
 georgina , 30 , is pregnant by boyfriend equestrian ramiro quintana .
he has been reinstated after claiming he inadvertently absorbed it through a sexual aid cream .
education chiefs are now investigating park view academy .
workers want return of former ceo arthur t. demoulas , whom they .
pundit predicted ` war ' if armed americans were taxed on bank accounts .
 irene triplett was born into rural poverty in north carolina in 1930 .
ship transported scott and his team to the antarctic in 1910 .
he offered a # 1,000 reward for his tormentor 's address .
backpack holds rechargeable battery , and crutches are used for stability .
code includes jokes left by programmers never before seen .'
scientists had been baffled as to where it fit on the evolutionary ` tree of life ' .
symptoms include vomiting , fever , diarrhoea , and low blood pressure .'
 eric zala and chris strompolos were just 11 years old when the began making raiders of the lost ark : the adaptation .
law '
he was given morphine and has since had operation to insert pins .'
he took the penalty while a green laser light was being shone at him .
 xherdan shaqiri is wanted by juventus in january .
 liverpool beat swansea 4-1 at anfield on monday night .
 liverpool slipped up in premier league title race last season .
 anthony joshua produced a commanding display against denis bakhtov .
 west brom defeated gateshead 7-0 in the fa cup third round .
baggies striker saido berahino scored four goals but did not celebrate .
tony pulis insists the forward is happy despite being linked with a january move to liverpool or tottenham .'
 saido berahino has been linked with a move away from the hawthorns .
 mark schwarzer has not featured in any games for chelsea this season .
muslims ? '
jamie walker scored his ninth of the season to equalise in the second half .
 david strettle scored two tries for saracens at allianz park .
a supporters group has turned to a government minister for help .
maria miller is the minister for culture , media and sport .'
 raymond van barneveld beats rowby-john rodriguez in first round .
dutchman dropped just two legs as he smashed his opponent .
bury crashed out 1-0 to dagenham while cheltenham beat oxford 2-1 .'
administrator finbarr o'connell targeting a deal before christmas .
the investigation seeks to discover what lead to the team 's demise .
 saido berahino did not celebrate any of his four goals against gateshead .
berahino had been on an 11-match goal drought until new year 's day .
 young black men 7 times more likely to be stopped than a white person .
he died in 1985 at the age of 70 - having edited 75 minutes of the project .
frein , now on the fbi 's most wanted list , is evading massive police hunt .
pro-russian separatists ` ambushed ukraine right sector bus in donetsk ' .
 shooters grill opened in rifle , colorado , in may 2013 .
 officers are reportedly being warned gang members may target police .
 recreational marijuana was legalized in colorado on january 1 .
he saw stephen bunting knock out james wade in the second round .
hazard got man of the match in chelsea 's 2-0 win over west ham united .
sheffield united are already in the capital one cup semi-finals .
the 21-year-old full back has been capped twice by portugal .
 nathaniel chalobah joined burnley on loan from chelsea last summer .
 an attempt to knight geoffrey boycott was blocked by the cabinet office .
opponents described change in signage as ` unnecessary bureaucracy ' .
libyan leader was addicted to sex and viagra pills .
ben arfa spent four seasons with the magpies .
williamson was dropped by the tourists on 29 and 60 .
captain hashim amla lost his wicket after delay for change of ball .
 rangers have taken out a crisis loan from sandy easdale of # 500,000 .
however , latics boss lee johnson has expressed grave reservations .
 gianfranco zola suffered heavy loss in serie a coaching debut .
said .
new zealand defeated sri lanka for a record five test wins in a year .
rogers top scored with 69 while marsh finished unbeaten on 62 .
 italian giants are hopeful of wrapping up loan deal for egyptian salah .
 radamel falcao is on a season-long loan at manchester united .
 radamel falcao and james rodriguez 's dads played in the same team .
zlatan ibrahimovic gained a victory over former boss roberto mancini .
roberto martinez insists everton will not cash in on the midfielder .
their game against rochdale had been postponed because of the fa cup .
rodges does not expect sterling to play full 180 minutes for england against estonia and san marino .'
could be rolled out across uk supermarkets in around a year .
say it could be used to attack major cities .
 three-toed sloth fell out of a tree and suffered brain injuries .
american meteor society said it occurred during the andromedids shower .
he will head out to equatorial guinea for the africa cup of nations .
 hashim amla and ad de villers both scored centuries at centurion .
 twins are the only polar bear cubs to be born in a european zoo this year .
housed in storage since 1996 , the cannon was once accessible to the public for more than 100 years .
squirrel so popular with students a facebook site was created for her .
 sophie ellis-bextor , amber le bon and susanna reid wore house of fraser dresses to the baftas .
 neymar was spotted at beach side nightclub in jurere , southern brazil .
borussia dortmund currently sit 17th after a dismal start to the season .
the 21-month-old suffered congestive heart failure and was left paralyzed .
however , dover chairman jim parmenter has quashed such claims .
neil adams resigned from his position as manager on monday .
 ac milan have turned down newcastle 's first bid to sign m'baye niang .
 suso 's current deal at liverpool expires in the summer .
 liverpool captain steven gerrard will leave anfield for la galaxy in july .
rhys priestland will join bath in england at the end of the current season .
but the legendary midfielder had the sign taken away by security .'
bournemouth forward marc pugh scored a hat-trick at st andrew 's .
 romelu lukaku struck at the death to earn everton a fa cup replay against west ham on tuesday night .
 marcos rojo has missed four matches since being injured at southampton .
go cards ! '
 petty officer first class russell matthews reappeared sunday night after going missing three months before .
henry , from bristol , was found dead on wednesday after ritual .
 mural painted by graffiti artist stik in aftermath of disturbances in 2011 .
slips .
convicted felons are never allowed to own firearms .
grandfather pulled headfirst into the gap and had a heart attack .
 the golden retriever was spotted in a cemetery in savannah , georgia .
the dog held a sombre vigil for its dead puppy for several days .
dominic telford also rejected contract and now training with youth team .
hakan calhanoglu of bayer leverkusen arguably takes best free-kicks .
 west ham united vice-chairman was awarded a cbe at buckingham palace .
kaymer 's 66 was the best round on a cold and wet day in shanghai .
mcdowell had taken a three-shot into day three with his second 67 .
 harry kane has been tottenham 's standout performer this season .
cuban retains wbo and wba super-bantamweight titles in osaka .
the australian international will bolster leicester 's goalkeeping options .
 sunderland and west brom both sent scouts to watch virgil van dijk .
 darren bent is wanted by derby county on loan for remainder of season .
 cardiff announce return to playing in blue with immediate effect .
chelsea youngster is wanted by the bluebirds for rest of the season .
it is a timely boost for caretaker manager john carver .
flashpoint happened during second-half of boxing day derby .
van gaal wants his players to ` already play the game in bed '
 barca failed to pick up any silverware last season .
on ballon d'or , iniesta insists : ` for me , leo is my only candidate '
fernando torres made second debut after joining on loan from ac milan .
sam allardyce revealed he had injured his foot in training .
manchester city striker is back doing field work with his club .
lionel messi , neymar and gerard pique among those left on the bench .
the arsenal forward was then unavailable to attend the cup final in may due to personal reasons .
 referees chiefs have responded to criticism from keith hackett .
 younis mahmoud hit penalty over the bar during second half .
messi started the match on the bench in san sebastian .
 analysis suggests idea of extraterrestrial life is ` wishful thinking ' .
idea is simply wrong , say princeton scientists .
the former chelsea midfielder 's contributions add up to seven points .
but he wants chelsea to lift more than one trophy this campaign .
could be used like computers inside the body .
 furious mobs surround the home of ` mentally disabled ' christian girl .
 cassidy wolf wants to spread the word about sextortion .
wright removed the video from his youtube channel before launching his campaign for government .
newtown music project features a few sandy hook children but there is no formal connection with the school .
 wife safia and children aisha , mohammad and hannibal are in gulf state .
 mandela is showing ` sustained improvement ' from six-week illness .
much-loved former south african president turned 95 on july 18 .
kicked out of .
32-year-old has since been given the all-clear and is back at work .
fliers furious as they are forced to wait on line for hours .'
couple also joined young religious students and staff for lunch of rice and chicken at a seminary .
 sian adam 's admitted she had drank three pints while driving a friend .
the passenger insisted she pulled over and he called the police .
a group of amazed sailor watched on as the jet hurries on by .'
manager keith curle did n't mix his words this week .
the other migrants were from central america .
 germany boss joachim low used micoach technology at the world cup .
newcastle are in talks with the midfielder about a new contract .
 steven gerrard gave his first interview for la galaxy on wednesday .
 lionel messi 's future at barcelona had been in doubt .
the world no 3 was eventually beaten 1-6 , 6-3 , 6-4 by michael berrer .
world no 1 williams struggled throughout the match in perth .
 arsenal face stoke city at the emirates on sunday .
 harry allen played 80 minutes for london irish in loss to saracens .
 sam burgess made his rugby union debut for bath in november .
 antoine griezmann scores two headers in comfortable atletico victory .
roma are interested in signing stoke centre back ryan shawcross .'
former brighton manager wants to get back into english football .
 rangers board turned down robert sarver 's # 18m takeover bid .
posts picture on instagram thanking fans and says he hopes to meet again .
the 29-year-old 's contract at arsenal runs out at the end of the season .
the 29-year-old 's contract at arsenal runs out at the end of the season .
reports state that some players were out drinking until 4am after the game .
league two managers take home # 50,000-a-year on average .
religious police ordered men back home to the united arab emirates because they were ` too handsome ' .
 manchester united forward wayne rooney is england player of the year .
police recovered 23 shell casings from the scene of the shooting .
group has declared al-baghdadi the leader - caliph ibrahim - of its state .
 general services administration told police not to arrest protesters on federal property in portland - even though they may have broken laws .
third treated near to scene and not taken to hospital , officials said .'
donna cooley , 15 , found hanged after trouble at home and school on nov 2 .
groups opposed to gay marriage will be protected from opting in .
you should be out or dead ' .
said he was suffering from a skin disease an no-one would go near him .
 kompany , sagna , clichy and navas attend event at manchester arena .
defender bamba has previous championship experience with leicester .
roughly 75 per cent of the shares in the club are up for sale .'
stoke take on arsenal on sunday , who they beat 3-2 in december .'
sakho was due to report for tournament duty with senegal .
gunners captain per mertesacker scored a header in the first half .
the american clothing brand also kit out tottenham hotspur .
conman is said to have offered cut-price champagne and hampers on site .
santi cazorla won and scored a penalty in the 41st minute .
hamilton confirm there is interest from west ham and qpr .'
 morgan schneiderlin takes to twitter with southampton team-mates .
but he did thank the fans for his two and a half years with the club .
click here for more west ham united news .'
swansea striker spoke ahead of departure to the africa cup of nations .
bony is off to the africa cup of nations with ivory coast .
she hopes that national fertility week will help to change that .'
 scientists from yale university have found evidence for ancient underground life on washington state 's south lopez island .
he added : ' i will marry off a woman at the age of 12 , a girl at the age of 9 ' .
but he did n't appeal for a foul and got up immediately to play on .
they will face fines and charges if they fail to remove bullying material .
 sir cliff voluntarily met detectives investigating the sex abuse claims .
 basket of goods in london cost # 44 while same items cost # 23 in marbella .
all england club bought wimbledon park golf club - which has 800 members - for # 5.2 million in 1993 .
but the veterans have both been left out of roy hodgson 's youthful squad .
the devices were disguised as torches to avoid ebay safeguards .
even against those only under suspicion of committing a crime .
they demanded # 1,200 up front for a place on rickety boat to europe .
now having tests for pioneering treatment to fight his brain tumour .
 brett and nagmeh king took ashya from southampton general hospital .
her family still waiting to learn if she will suffer permanent sight damage .
 jamie murray and casey dellacqua lost in mixed doubles quarter-finals .
he was in the 21st year of his sentence for murdering michael groves , 16 .
last month it emerged staff have monthly targets to bring in # 120k profits .'
 bryan bedder was paralyzed surfing while at art basel , miami , in december .
radio 2 broadcaster spent almost a year on police bail .
judge says web designer waad al-baghdadi was ` thrown to the wolves ' .
video shows witness stopping to watch row between police and mr mitchell .
 parents of jean charles de menezes received # 300,000 from scotland yard .
 hsbc accused of ignoring money laundering by mexican drug cartels .
 amal clooney , 36 , arrives in athens for talks on returning elgin marbles .
but manager said attempts to bring him out of coma remained ` unchanged ' .
the stotts were forced to put 14-year-old beagle mix nibbles to sleep because they could n't afford an operation to save his life .
bosses at the school later admitted that the action was inappropriate .
animal rights activists in sweden have described the story as ` problematic '
 ibrahim master is a renowned muslim community leade .
but was caught coming back and spent a week in paris to get a passport .
it can then apply what it learns to a new baby 's face .
the pfa player of the year has played 674 minutes more .
 pierre-emerick aubameyang and vincent enyeama were also nominated .
jose mourinho paid a visit to the cartier store in london on his day off .
 twelve u.s. soldiers are already in ` controlled monitoring ' at base in italy .
 australia have a 348-run lead going into the final day .
the england captain has been sidelined for 5 weeks with a shoulder injury .
all seven were treated in local hospitals for minor injuries after the incident .
the lightning bolt appeared to strike the roof of a car .
 boston are in running to host their first ever olympic games .
the club are in discussions to sign keane for # 3m from manchester united .
 sam vokes scored as burnley forced fa cup replay with tottenham .
liverpool have also expressed an interest in signing the playmaker .'
bojan krkic , marc muniesa and marc wilson close to return to first team .'
surrounding buildings and railway line provide construction obstacles .
 tim krul has not played since newcastle 's win over qpr on november 22 .
dutch goalkeeper krul injured his ankle in training .
didier drogba complains on instagram about shirt-pulling by watford .
shane warne posts pictures to his instagram account .
match took more than two hours before murray finally came out on top .
newcastle have terminated his contract six months early .
hull are cutting short ben arfa 's loan and he is not needed by newcastle .
 liverpool have shown an interest in england midfielder james milner .
 paddy mcnair has been thrust into manchester united 's first-team plans .
nurses wept after their final night shift and left touching messages .
burnley manager sean dyche wants more praise for homegrown players .'
she uploaded image of her broken ribs on to her twitter account .'
adebayo akinfenwa warned team-mates he wants steven gerrard 's shirt .
youngster mitchell weiser scored twice for the germans .
new law on april 5 will allow parents to split parental leave .
france international has fired lyon to the top of ligue un .
nam tae-hee scored a first-half header to sink kuwait in canberra .
lee had been injured in their opening 1-0 win over oman on saturday .
they are 13 points behind chelsea and 11 adrift of manchester city .
could be used as part of manned mars missions .'
 england beat australian capital territories xi by 216 runs in canberra .
but they may have to wait until the summer to seal the transfer .
 woman , believed to be from sierra leone , was employed by an agency .
ronald koeman said the club will consider signing another defender .
gerrard will leave liverpool at the end of the season and join the galaxy .
chris gayle hit a remarkable 77 off 31 balls , marlon samuels added 41 .'
 button hid in an atm before leaping out on customers with a # 100 gift .
mcilroy was engaged to ex-fiancee and tennis star caroline wozniacki before ending their relationship in may .
what followed was a sideline fracas involving players from both teams .
 chelsea goalkeeper petr cech was important in their win over newcastle .
southampton beat manchester united 1-0 at old trafford on sunday .'
no celtic player has netted three against rangers since 1973 .
 ea sports crunch the numbers to reveal player performance index chart .
he was released from his contract at st james ' park earlier this month .
arsenal forward joel campbell is interesting burnley .
everton are keeping tabs on celtic defender virgil van dijk .
 players who are out of contract this summer can talk to clubs in january .
 liverpool won 2-1 at afc wimbledon to reach the fa cup fourth round .
 enner valencia joined west ham for # 12million in the summer .
now , to top off the year , he is celebrating the birth of his second daughter .
chelsea 's petr cech made six saves in their 3-0 fa cup win over watford .
dutchman 's flying header against spain at the world cup is nominated .
london midlands and virgin train services all affected .
 the ` troubled ' woman is known only as 43-year-old ` erica j' to officials .
 speyside offers scotland in microcosm and an abundance of golf courses .
 ched evans served two-and-a-half years of a five-year sentence for rape .
 convicted rapist ched evans is without a club after his release from prison .
 the 36-year-old chelsea legend has interest from qatar and juventus .
mourinho has a strong relationship with drogba after signing him in 2004 .
andre villas-boas wants spurs midfielder sandro at zenit st petersburg .'
official : ` no explosives or other suspicious material were found ' in his car .
 staff sergeant is oldest of the 6,000 soldiers in the 25th .
 mckellen visited prestigious university to encourage students to work hard .
the case will now center on what nikki araguz 's legal sex is .
judge todd baugh disagreed with the prosecution of rambold and handed out a 30 day sentence .
his wife , deisy garcia .
i love it .
police also found videos bidmead had made of himself abusing girls .
bidmead , from cullompton , devon jailed for 19 years today .
 timothy coupe , 53 , shot water at her face and chest after receiving ticket .
claire killed herself in her 20s after sending text saying she could not cope with what her dad put her through .
man who was rescued 30 years ago is yet to make a formal statement .
the blogger uploaded image of her 19-month-old daughter marlow .
the painting shows crowds of commuters at manchester exchange station .
 inverdale made comment before french star won 2013 wimbledon final .
 kelly wissenden , 29 , left consultation room to tend to sick nine-month-old .
austin police stopped men for traffic violation but became suspicious .
kevin love top-scored with 27 points in his side 's 91-87 .
in one of the cruelest cases the rspca has seen , curtis was jailed for 18 weeks .'
 michael and mairead philpott allegedly started the fire at their derby home .
teacher offered to help in memory of her dead aunt , who had same name as student .'
the cord around its neck was cutting into its flesh and it was distressed .
the four-month-old baby died in omaha in february 2013 .
also sent sickening .
 tanilla warrick-deaves murdered in her mother 's home in nsw , australia .
warren james ross found guilty of the murder last decemeber .
 jonathan adleta , 25 , faces life in prison for abusing his daughter .
 warwick spinks , now 48 , was caught in the czech republic after international manhunt .
his grandfather , leszek , took out loan , but died before paying it back .
` we are poor and do not know what to do , ' says kacper 's mother ewa .
 trend started by american parenting blogger .
he will battle with david de gea at old trafford after signing 18-month deal .
west brom striker faces a minimum five-game ban .
he was accused of covering up abuse of very reverend robert waddington .
he was ` greatly loved by all who knew him ' , his mother said in statement .
 gareth southgate had 18 months remaining on his england under 21 deal .
the hooker tested positive to benzoylecgonine , a metabolite of cocaine .
football presenter jake humphrey also in contention to host coverage .
bucks head to london with a 20-19 record and as one of the youngest and most exciting teams in the league .
the 38-year-old threw the ball at garnett before headbutting him .
mathieu debuchy will also miss three months after surgery on his shoulder .
 kevin mirallas is out of contract at everton in 18 months ' time .
everton lost 9-8 during the shoot-out against west ham in the fa cup .'
they follow in the footsteps of first team midfielder jack wilshere .'
 real madrid 's cristiano ronaldo is favourite to win the ballon d'or .
alessandro del piero has made his prediction for the award .
 lionel messi has been linked with a move away from barcelona .
read : messi unhappy at barcelona and could be sold .'
former barcelona goalkeeper has signed an initial 18-month contract .
yannick bolasie will not leave without an ` extraordinary offer ' being made .
in total , fifa paid out # 46.3 million to clubs around the world .
shaqiri joined bayern munich in 2012 .
david sullivan recently claimed they chose carroll over wilfried bony on the insistence of west ham boss allardyce .
gerrard reveals he owned a number of kits as a youngster .
stokes hit 77 from just 37 balls in the renegades ' 36-run victory .
neville needed advice from his wife to make the hot drink in december .
west ham manager sam allardyce poked fun at neville live on bt sport .
the gunners legend watched arsenal 's 3-0 win over stoke from the stands .
neuer claimed it was harder for goalkeepers to win the award .
 hull would like to loan right-back carl jenkinson from arsenal .
germany midfielder missed world cup final through injury .
 wojciech szczesny 's dad maciej said arsenal 's defence is a disaster .
szczesny was criticised for his performance in the 2-0 loss to southampton .
 steven gerrard will leave liverpool when his contract expires in summer .
 jane bashara , 56 , found strangled to death behind the wheel of her suv .
handyman joe gentz claimed mr bashara offered him money to kill his wife .
but when she opened her luggage in the uk , the box containing the ashes was gone .
 airlines would be forced to handover more information about passengers .
david cameron set to unveil range of new security measures today .
 exclusive : football player danny simpson appears in court .
the manchester city striker returned to action at everton on saturday .
 daniel sturridge has returned to training after over four months out .
liverpool striker posted an instagram picture comparing physiques with team-mate philippe coutinho .
but the winger has been loaned back to his old club this season .
another .
ali had returned home from hospital last week .
 muhammad ali was admitted to hospital in december .
but chris herd felt pain in his achilles after the match .
the aston villa defender has been sent back to england .
 paul lambert has called on fans to support side during liverpool clash .
shaw has made just 10 premier league appearances since his arrival at old trafford .
besiktas are interested but ca n't agree a price with spurs .
mcilroy shared picture of sweaty-soaked shirt after workout .
his first event in 2015 is the abu dhabi championship later in january .'
the seedings follow the world rankings and murray is sixth .
the german finally triumphed in three sets after two and a half hours .
no 8 rival billy vunipola could be elevated to england xv in morgan 's place .
 ian bell blasts 187 in england 's game with an australian prime minister 's xi .
 england beat prime minister 's xi by 60 runs in world cup warm-up .
 patricia driscoll has requested a no-contact order against nascar driver .
 arsenal lost 6-3 to manchester city at the etihad in december 2013 .
west brom are willing to listen to bids for the midfielder .
hull have to pay a compensation fee for ince because he is only 22 .'
 barcelona lead elche 5-0 from last week 's copa del rey last 16 first leg .
 todd kane will spend the rest of the season with nottingham forest .
craig gardner in line for return at chelsea following suspension .
imminent boss alan pardew was at palace 's training facilities on friday .
manchester city and chelsea are likely to be outsiders with weaker line-ups .
arsenal and liverpool are both interested in signing the kiwi defender .
it would 've taken place between bahrain on april 19 and spain on may 10 .
the 24-year-old insists that talk of a move away is ` disrespectful '
simeone said he wanted to be known for his talent and not his family .
it could be the only time they wear the kit if they are knocked out .
 sir jack hayward was wolves owner for 17 years between 1990 and 2007 .
 21-year-old has scored 19 goals on-loan at mk dons this season .
fonte has taken up the mantle from dejan lovren , says jamie carragher .
berahino has scored 10 goals in 13 starts for the england under 21 side .
as a boxer hamed became the world featherweight champion with his crowd-pleasing style .
the 28-year-old crolla is now targeting a return to the ring in may .'
the 28-year-old is hoping to resurrect his shot at a world title .'
 ben morgan left field on a stretcher in gloucester 's win over saracens .
manchester city take on arsenal at the etihad on sunday .'
james collins opened the scoring and romelu lukaku equalised late on .
steven n'zonzi has covered 227.1 km for stoke so far this season .
messi had an apparent bust-up with manager luis enrique .
president obama has described december 14 as the ` worst day of my presidency ' .
new applications wo n't be processed for social security benefits or government-backed small business loans .
employees .
 greg dyke supports replays for officials .
 coach gareth southgate hopes fans still turn up in their droves .
 signal uses a person 's existing number and does n't require a password .
parents .
 solider n was due to be interviewed by scotland yard for new investigation .
ex presenter - alan titchmarsh 's fans are not happy with the replacement .
oswald stayed there alone in the weeks before the shooting in 1963 .
communist party chiefs sidelined him after the war with america .
he was a champions league winner is instanbul in 2005 .
 muhammad ali , who was 73 on saturday , was photographed at home .
family spokesman said he was looking forward to celebrating .
it had presented symptoms similar to ebola after arriving from africa .
 federal treasurer made the claim on fairfax radio on monday morning .
 mark , 20 , keeps 15 inflatables at his homes in redlands in california .
 soviet union was dismantled under leadership of mikhail gorbachev .
the woman he listed in his will as his fiance catherine hooper gets $ 50,000 per month through a trust .
 leicester city had hoped to sign wigan 's shaun maloney in january .
palace have also had offers rejected for swansea duo bafetimbi gomis and neil taylor .'
johnson takes on alexander gustafsson in stockholm in january .
the 25-year-old slovenian has made an application for british citizenship .
 joe simpson has been outstanding for wasps this season .
 john carver argued with newcastle supporters before emphatic defeat .
the striker is keen to leave major league soccer side toronto .
angel di maria formed a partnership with ronaldo at the bernabeu .
 manchester united beat hull 3-0 in the fa youth cup on tuesday night .
however he was keen on working with roberto mancini at inter .'
 everton and liverpool will kick-off the derby at 5:30 pm on february 7 .
the 24-year-old has been in impressive form for manchester united .
 cristiano ronaldo was named 2014 ballon d'or winner on monday evening .
read : ronaldo and messi remain best of enemies .
eriksen scored a late winner to lift tottenham to fifth in the table .
agnieszka radwanska beat heather watson in the opening singles match .
 roberto soldado has scored just one premier league goal this season .
derby went into the game with nottingham forest joint top but lost .
maria sharapova opens her campaign against a qualifier .
shaun murphy reached quarter-finals by beating mark selby 6-5 .'
 jimmy walker is the leader at the sony open after three rounds .
the end result shows ` superman ' on a mission to return a lost camera .
 video camera with footage on it was found by a farmer on her land .
man city have a proud history of producing young players .
messi has fallen out with barcelona manager luis enrique .
qpr are interested in signing leroy fer .
bronson was left with broken ribs after incident at full sutton prison in york .
but he was getting lonely at home , so she sent him to live at a school .
sweden international marcus nilsson was released by kalmar ff .
west ham want # 8million for soon-to-be out of contract winston reid .
qpr interested in bringing ajax striker kolbeinn sigthorsson to england .
mr benton then brings squirrel to tree and watches him climb to safety .'
rhino copies the haphazard moves of the kid goat with hilarious results .
 the owners of burger outlet chosen bun in london were behind the stunt .
 matt gilmour was jumping between shipping containers on a parkour run .
says it was fun because she usually looks glamorous .
 italian musician moses concas beatboxes while playing the harmonica .
ironically girlfriend jana was the choreographer who prepared the dancers .
 video from island park , idaho , shows rare first-hand account of bear attack .
 orphan , named max , was rescued by gary roberts and other missionaries .
 andrew selby was beaten by reece mcfadden at commonwealth games .
 eugenie bouchard made a bright start to her australian open campaign .
 premier league leaders chelsea won 5-0 away at swansea on saturday .
 fabio capello has been manager of russia since 2012 .
captain michael clarke vowed his spirit would live on throughout the game .
defending champion stan wawrinka opens against marsel ilhan .
 british no 1 andy murray has released his own personal logo .
cardiff shot-stopper david marshall has been linked with the merseysiders .
brendan rodgers ' side then face chelsea in the capital one cup .
ronaldo jnr appeared shy in front of messi .
hollywood star will cheer on south sydney , the australian club he co-owns .
st helens are ` delighted ' to welcome crowe to langtree park .
jennings has won all 19 of his fights and has 10 knock-outs .
 caroline wozniacki beats taylor townsend 7-6 -lrb- 7-1 -rrb- , 6-2 .
the three bears will back dave king 's call for a general meeting .
rangers legend mccall wants someone who loves the club to run it .
 southampton have revealed their new yellow third kit .
the vehicles are predicted to be commercially available within a decade .
had spent six weeks in hospital and was ` agitated ' after he left .
then have to try to spot the 11x5ft pool , installed by an artist .'
carl froch v george groves should have an 80,000 crowd at wembley .'
tottenham still went on to beat sunderland 2-1 .
they faced compatriots jen kessy and april ross in an all-american final .'
ayre rejects claims a new gerrard deal in the summer would have kept him .
she performed cpr for 18 minutes while singing the bee gees ' song aloud .
 figo rested his paw on the casket of fallen officer jason ellis at the may 30 funeral service in bardstown , kentucky .
two days after boyfriend 's son max , 6 , was fatally injured under her care .
 more than 300,000 pints of band 's beer trooper ale already pre-ordered .
his wife katherine , who is also a teacher , is standing by him .
fans have mocked milan 's financial woes on social media .
australian ca n't recall two and a half hours of that night after being bashed .
 darwin 's frog and the chile darwin 's frog are both said to now be extinct .
 the exact fossil copy was created using a ct scanner and 3d printer .
a friend said : ` mick does n't drink much .
 andy murray faces marinko matosevic in second round of australian open .
hearts fans claim they were targeted by rangers fans with missiles .
kyle walker is from sheffield and even watched sheffield united play in the fa cup semi-final against hull last season at wembley .
the two victors will meet in national championship game on january 12 .'
a melee ensued between the players after james ' tackle on jores okore .
villa have also admitted the fa charge and are awaiting further news .
they have not won in six matches after losing 2-0 to manchester united .
 jermain defoe started for sunderland against former club tottenham .
mcnamara believes mackay-steven can win silverware at tannadice .
algeria are a favourite to win the competition in equatorial guinea .
they begin their tournament against south africa on monday .
the blues remain in the fa cup and champions league .
an archway spokesman said they were not responsible for the delay but that the ` secretive directors ' of tottenham were .
 roberto martinez left furious after recent decisions against his side .
striker is hoping to play while robin van persie is sidelined with injury .
nets moved from new jersey in 2012 and add that no deal is imminent .
read : has ronaldo split with girlfriend irina shayk ?
mcilroy has seven goals this year but would not reveal what they are .
the teams have enjoyed some memorable games over the last decade .
markovic says he has nothing to prove to chelsea manager jose mourinho .
the 28-year-old has only made five appearances for the club this season .'
the portugal man was advised by cristiano ronaldo to move to england .
oliveira wants to lead swansea to victory over chelsea and jose mourinho .
 nigel de jong scored the winner in the 86th minute for the hosts .
leicester scored through vereniki goneva -lrb- two -rrb- and a penalty try .
valencia race wraps up the 2014 motogp season .
 a win against oyonnax would secure gloucester a place in the last-eight .
experiments placed the model in a wind tunnel with winds of up to 45mph .
farm also supplies snail caviar or ` escargot pearls ' .
so far 17 bodies have been recovered and 206 people have been rescued .
neighbor christopher michael east charged with aggravated battery .
` we are not out there trying to put lemonade stands out of business , ' said the city 's planning director .
kaleb ahles , 2 , found a .380 caliber handgun and shot himself in the chest .
the magpies must wait until the summer to hire the derby county boss .
midfielder has made 18 first-team appearances for tottenham this season .'
the ipswich man has been in excellent form over the last 12 months .'
the serb beat andrey kuznetsov 6-0 , 6-1 , 6-4 to reach the third round .
other users have been kicked off after posting pictures of the offal dish .
defender martin canning has been acting as caretaker boss .
but now canning is set to be named as the permanent manager .
said sir jack had n't hidden his attitudes , before comparing him to hitler .
last year she sold his possessions on ebay and sprayed ` cheat ' on his car .
 chelsea complete signing of 18-year-old serb danilo pantic .
the midfielder is expected to become skipper once steven gerrard retires .
his eight-yard pass with 2:32 remaining secured a 24-20 comeback win for dallas against detroit .
moody has previously accused racing victoria of persecuting him .
 manu tuilagi suffered the injury playing against ulster in october .
 wayne routledge faces four weeks on the sidelines through injury .
 rangers fans are attempting to buy a 10 per cent stake in the club .
 boss sir david brailsford ready to announce fresh challenges .
the 41-year-old is already a three-time winner of the london event .
radcliffe has not competed in the race for nine years .
 chelsea officials have been in talks with besiktas over a partnership .
villa manager paul lambert has been under increasing pressure from unhappy fans .
 billy joe saunders beat chris eubank jnr in london last november .
derry mathews has stepped in for the fight in liverpool on march 6 .'
 the manchester city midfielder sat out of training on saturday .
injury scare comes ahead of ivory coast 's afcon opener with guinea .
the newcastle united owner will offer rangers a # 10m loan .
 bafetimbi gomis expected to lead the line for swansea against chelsea .
his first video has been watched over 4.5 million times .'
the wigan goalkeeper believes ryan will get better if he joins liverpool .
fourth round tie is arguably biggest in hertfordshire club 's history .
northampton director jim mallinder revealed lawes will be out for ` the first few weeks ' of the six nations .
former eastenders actress , 33 , has dwarfism and is just over a metre tall .
tourists have been using the 150ft landslide to climb up .
 floyd mayweather jnr has turned up in manchester - in a mosaic .
 driving standards agency released new figures .
former england footballer appeared in short clip for spey whisky .
he asked for two fellow officers to help him , but says they failed to do so .
 wilfried zaha has returned to his former club crystal palace on loan .
 cherries had two bids of # 1.5 m and # 2m rejected for demarai gray .
 real madrid are on the verge of signing lucas silva for around # 11.5 m .
 david bryant was released from jail on thursday .
 there were 34 managerial changes in the first half of the 2014/15 season .
the ` be a gunner .
 jonathan trott scored 53 runs on third day against south africa a .
india were bowled out for 153 , with james anderson taking four wickets .
mike brearley has called for world cup captains to stamp out verbals .
 leicester city understood to have rejected # 5million offer for jamie vardy .
foxes forward has scored just once this season in premier league .
the 26-year-old midfielder has agreed a two-and-a-half-year deal .
flashpoint happened during second-half of boxing day derby .
 robin van persie 's seven-year-old son plays for both manchester united and manchester city 's academies .
 david ginola announced at press conference on friday that he is entering the race to become fifa president .
 cambridge united face manchester united in the fa cup .
however the 23-year-old said he is still weighing up his options for 2015 .
 jack grealish has played 11 times for aston villa this season .
kevin mirallas missed a penalty during stalemate at goodison park .
he required medical attention for what he believed was a ` bee sting ' .
 nathaniel chalobah has joined reading on loan until end of season .
in the caption , she claimed the injury was a ` battered housewife look ' .
she sustained the injury while training for tv show the jump in austria .
 ronald koeman won the champions league as a player at barcelona .
the colombian striker would prefer a move to real madrid .
but he admits his proposal has sparked controversy in the town .
police also called after man united fans follow city team coach after derby .
ameobi worked with crystal palace manager alan pardew at newcastle .'
he has tipped stuart lancaster 's side to ` kick the leather ' off the ball .
some tottenham fans booed his arrival back into the team .
 imran khan , 62 , confirmed he has wed reham khan , 41 .
the snap was taken in november but hamilton shared it on monday .
however , he will be able to return in april after the conviction is spent .
 wasps director believes james haskell is the form choice for england .
nigel pearson said the veteran defender is close to making his debut .'
 remy cabella signed for newcastle united from montpellier in the summer .
frenchman has also studied paul gascoigne and david ginola .
 tolgay arslan could snub a move to arsenal in favour of besiktas .
substitute moussa sow won the game for senegal in the final seconds .
head coach diego simeone continues to attract interest from other clubs .'
 celtic have agreed pre-contract for gary mackay-steven in # 250,000 deal .
 alex song is currently on-loan at west ham united from barcelona .
tuitupou has won caps for new zealand and lewis-roberts , wales before .'
luke walsh will miss the match as he recovers from a broken leg .
emailer had threatened to reveal details of morgan 's past relationship .
defender adam smith believes his side are capable of eliminating villa .
immediately afterwards a relieved wessels took off his helmet and kissed it gratefully .
firm say they are trying to make the word ` fat ' cool .
girls and boys are being affected by society , the media , and peers .
the brothers terrorised their community in worcester for three years .
she was speaking after her australian open win over taylor townsend .
 mr shorten spoke at a book launch in melbourne on the eve of australia day .
the labor leader said ` our head of state should be one of us ' .
matthew has also been charged in a 2005 sexual assault and has been linked to the disappearance and death of morgan harrington , 19 , in 2009 .'
her condition worsened over christmas and she suffered organ failure .
 brighton host arsenal in their fa cup fourth round tie on sunday .
williams revealed she had been inspired by her sister venus ' victory .
 borussia dortmund currently sit 17th after a dismal start to the season .
the 26-year-old says champions league is not all that make him ` happy '
 john guidetti has gone from hero to zero at celtic as his form has dipped .
he was part of the same youth team as gareth bale and theo walcott .
steven gerrard was hailed as the best ever by banner unveiled in the kop .
jamie carragher questioned why everton 's senior players did n't step in .
 chris hughton has won three of his first four games as brighton manager .
luis enrique says his side do not argue with officials like other teams .
monk admits that he has been on the end of defeats like that as a player .
 benjamin moukandjo fired cameroon ahead after just 13 minutes .
second straight 1-1 draw for both of these sides in group d .'
 five sponsors of fifa chose not to renew deal that expired in 2014 .
forward returned from injury for leicester city against stoke city .
lazio have offered morrison a contract for him to move italy in the summer .
heptathlete has not competed in the event since winning at london 2012 .
stunning snowdrop bulbs attracted visitors from europe and united states .
 the comedian was set to make his comeback in a bbc radio 4 comedy .
mr marks , who spent seven years in a us prison , has no regrets .
here 's sportsmail 's xi of the greats who never won the premier league .
reed said europe 's poulter would make his dream fourball team .
mi5 investigating links between two woolwich murder suspects and preacher .
70-year-old will delegate duties to five-person committee .
the names are to be handed to nazi war crime investigators within a year .
van praag believes ` no credible ' candidate has emerged to oppose blatter .
eden hazard gave chelsea the lead from the spot in the first half .
 callum roberts has signed a professional deal with newcastle .
 mark hughes is interested in barca b players adama traore and sandro .
she passed away on january 15 and he died morning of january 16 .
the slovakian , 25 , was then ` punched in the face ' by her mexican rival .
the talented policeman bowled someone out and then took to the bat .
government warns of ` very significant risk ' of an isis-inspired attack .
the original video of the officer 's performance has amassed more than 20 million view on youtube .
photo sparked debate online , with some users calling schnatter a ` traitor '
 chelsea launched a # 16million bid for shakhtar donetsk 's douglas costa .
where are you going ? '
 international criminal court rules there is basis to say war crimes took place .
he said mr silverstone , of belsize park , london was killed by a polish man .
 kirkton park , a six-bedroom house in seven acres in auchterarder , perthshire , has gone up for sale for # 3.4 million .
 kathleen adair freed an eagle from a trap and sprung 3 more in alaska .
 six men were involved in the milton keynes heist last december .
he was seen honing his skills doing the rabona during a training session .
the talented midfielder has now joined peterborough united on loan .
but it was not enough as they exited the european champions cup .
marouane chamakh scored twice as palace beat southampton 3-2 .
adam clayton said he had no interest in swapping shirts after the game .'
the west ham striker was suffering with a back injury .
 jose mourinho 's side were knocked out of the fa cup by bradford city .
the 16-year-old sensation signed for real madrid on wednesday .
 gylfi sigurdsson moved from tottenham to swansea city last summer .
dani osvaldo has been suspended by inter but is still wanted by ac milan .
us teen keys will play compatriot madison brengle in the last 16 .'
frank lampard only lasted 20 minutes of the friendly before being withdrawn .
 sky sports and bt sport announced they will televise 12 games in march .
 eden hazard bonded with cesc fabregas almost immediately at chelsea .
ex-barcelona midfielder has built a formidable relationship with the belgian .
arsene wenger 's side were tactically set up brilliantly against city .
he was found by a homeless woman and helped by a retired soldier .
manchester city and liverpool have been previously linked with midfielder .
yacob was warned twice about making contact with naismith in the box .
she said she was grateful she had the chance to experience being pregnant .
the home was covered in dirty laundry , animal feces from 15 pit bulls , and feeding insects .
 arsene wenger has confirmed mesut ozil beefed up during injury spell .
 boyzone star was found slumped on a sofa in apartment in majorca in 2009 .
 more links between historic abuse inquiry chief and lord brittan revealed .
around 20 children have died on mountain from harsh conditions .
traffickers force them into prostitution to pay back debts .
the 26-year-old says a ghost ` shook his bed ' while in a new zealand hotel .
gabriel agbonlahor teams up with ex-villa striker darren bent to win .'
 jane doe # 1 made allegations against the billionaire paedophile in 2005 .
councillor became internet sensation after posting ` cleavage selfies ' .
 the entourage star appears in the brand 's spring/summer 15 campaign .
isis has demanded a $ 6million ransom and release of prisoners .
spaniard went down on 32 minutes after appearing to injure his knee .
 stoke have returned to england after their winter break to dubai .
 the c-130 hercules was 300 metres above the ground when it was shot at by heavy machine guns and smaller arms .
already have over 2,000 tea plants and teas available in outlets .
new record was discovered by acoustics expert professor trevor cox .
 koke has been linked with manchester united and manchester city .
lucas was a target for inter milan this month though no bid materialised .
on the spur of the moment they went to a casino and gambled the money .
 david cameron scrapped ` absolutely wrong ' loophole in pension scheme .
yeung is currently serving a six-year prison sentence for money laundering .
konrad was founds by policeman on palm beach the day after the accident .'
justin rose is in a tie for 14th after a four-under 68 to start .'
 snooker the latest sport bidding to be included in the olympics .
the 23-year-old could be offered a three-and-a-half year contract .
sam allardyce told his side to play more direct in the second half .'
blackburn beat swansea 3-1 in fa cup fourth round on saturday .
stefan scougall has been involved in two major cup semi-finals at the club .'
 celtic take on rangers in sunday 's scottish league cup semi-final .
 england lost to australia in their tri-series clash on friday .
 sampdoria are close to competing a move for samuel eto'o .
the former arsenal striker is joining sky sports as a football pundit .
but he has been courted by clubs including bayern munich and liverpool .
former team-mate kevin de bruyne and belgium coach marc wilmots were among the mourners .
 lionel messi scores after 85 minutes to break atletico madrid 's resistance on wednesday night .
argentine saw his penalty saved by jan oblak but he followed up to tap in the rebound into an open goal .
click here for africa cup of nations news .
the 33-year-old is making his 16th appearance at the australian open .
 chris ashton has scored 19 tries in 22 european games .
cahill hit a pin-point to his 10-year-old son shae .
the defender was dismissed for grabbing the throat of stefano mauri .
 tony pulis identified callum mcmanaman as his top transfer target .
the deal , worth # 4.75 million , could be completed in the next 24 hours .
 eugenie bouchard 's ` genie army ' are faithful followers of the canadian .
 stan wawrinka beat guillermo garcia-lopez 7-6 -lrb- 7-2 -rrb- , 6-4 , 4-6 , 7-6 -lrb- 10-8 -rrb- .
 ann sanderson , 56 , from devon , discovered she was married to a bigamist .
 greece stock market plunges 6.6 % today .
 crowdwish lets people make up to 10 wishes for anything they want .
garment has sensors which measures the wearer 's mood .
 the investigation focuses on the signings of two youngsters in 2012 .
manchester united vice-captain carrick has failed to pick a goalkeeper .
shaw , of radford , nottingham , jailed for 41 months for intent to supply .
 four women aid workers gunned down in .
she also revealed that mr darcy adores snacking on victoria sponge cake .'
 moussa sissoko cost newcastle # 1.5 million from toulouse in 2013 .
 bradford city beat chelsea 4-2 in the fa cup fourth round .
nobrega delivered a stunning kick to the side of his opponent .
 mario balotelli did not want to see his fiancee in photoshoots .
lotus will be powered by mercedes instead of renault this season .
the 2014 spoty winner visited paris for a luis vuitton show last week .
knott took to twitter to thank ` top man ' terry for the gift .
 lindsey vonn lost her line but managed to avoid crashing .
the boxer posted an image on instagram with a ferrari enzo .
ben lloyd is a personal trainer and has converted his garage into a gym .
 daniel sturridge posted a picture on instagram with mario balotelli .
watson predicts he will putt hole-in-one before sinking shot .
woods says work with swing consultant chris como is paying off .
the latics also confirmed the signing of inverness striker billy mckay .'
 andy murray beat nick kyrgios to reach the australian open semi-final .
seattle seahawks running back sat at podium for 4:51 before leaving .
 british youngster alex lynn won gp3 last season .
frank de boer backed by 97 % of newcastle fans to be their new manager .
ex-england international victor ubogu will host the special journey .
couple has hired solicitors to investigate the cause of the illness .
the manager now has his team playing spectacular football .
 rory mcllroy hit an impressive 66 at the dubai desert classic on thursday .
captain ms dhoni said he is not satisfied with his side 's performances .
fabregas would like to pass his former arsenal team-mate thierry henry 's record of 20 but the midfielder says ` it is not an obsession ' .
but costa was accused of stamping on emre can and martin skrtel .
the spain striker is the natural heir to luis suarez in the premier league .
but italy 's captain believes the azzurri have a chance to beat them .
 france face scotland in opening game of rbs 6 nations on february 7 .
portuguese ace also appeared to lash out at jose crespo during the game .
he owns a mercedes-benz sl pagoda and drove it around on sunday .
bulldog roscoe accompanied hamilton on red carpet before the 2014 bbc sports personality of the year awards in december .'
the waiter left him a message on his bill at the end of his meal .
 chicago bulls beat the boston celtics 109-104 in over-time on saturday .
angry woman was carried away by benny the bull .'
 samuel eto'o has completed a move from everton to sampdoria .
 swansea have been chasing st etienne 's frank tabanou in january .
 george friend has been in impressive form for middlesbrough this season .
she was consoled by her pal toby .
the male primate puts an arm around her and gives her shoulders a rub .
the 18-year-old only joined blades in november from non-league ilkeston .'
sheffield united equalised through che adams in the 77th minute to set up a nervy ending .
 chelsea striker diego costa has been charged by the football association .
 manny pacquiao and floyd mayweather first met at nba game .
the pair had a short conversation at half-time and swapped numbers .
 che adams scored twice for sheffield united in semi-final with tottenham .
the real madrid forward posted a picture of the pair onto instagram .
water and sewage treatment plant worker were breaking for lunch when a dog approached them .
they salvaged them from the ocean bed off the coast of north carolina .
manchester city midfielder posted photo of himself in his own pool .
he posted photo on instagram and said he was ` relaxing at home ' .
car had been travelling in a temporary 30mph zone on aston expressway .'
spokesman said there had been ` some very diluted cleaning fluid ' in drink .
 luis figo has the support of five member nations and will run .
figo has been backed by jose mourinho and ronald koeman .
he says there is no pressure on rangers because they are expected to lose .'
 celtic sacked alan thompson from celtic in 2012 .
but celtic have rejected a # 3million bid for the central defender .
 chelsea are though to the capital one cup final after beating liverpool .
newcastle could be boosted by the return of papiss cisse for hull city .
 vince wilfork was on hand to rescue a 38-year-old woman from her car .
 manny pacquiao claims an agreement is in place to fight floyd mayweather .
mayweather denies a deal is close but negotiations are ongoing .
the ufc also announced events in poland -lrb- april -rrb- and germany -lrb- june -rrb- .'
the irishman takes on german dennis siver in boston on sunday night .
mcgregor returns to boston as a ufc star .
the irish featherweight takes on dennis siver this weekend at fight night .
 ufc light-heavyweight champ jon jones is being treated at a drug facility .
he tested positive for cocaine metabolite benzoylecgonine on december 4 .
 bill haas shot a five-under 67 to secure the humana challenge title .
luke donald could only manage a three-over-par round of 75 .
 jockey ruby walsh is expected to pick faugheen for the champion hurdle .
doubts also remain over tom wood and kyle eastmond .
the lions flanker injured his shoulder in the 24-22 defeat to new zealand .
danny cipriani has been in superb form for sale sharks this season .
finch returns for second year and will play across all formats .
the batsman is currently on tour with the england lions .
australia had reduced india to 69-2 before the rain intervened .
new zealand batsman played for the county in the 2011 and 2012 seasons .
sergey bubka has announced his decision to stand for the presidency .
bryant will undergo surgery on wednesday , la lakers confirmed .
16-time all star was averaging 22.3 points from 35 games this campaign .'
there has to be a winner . '
but targets to cut pollution in the bay have been declared unattainable .'
delph admitted team-mates were surprised that he decided to stay .'
ings has scored seven times for the clarets already this season .
shane long fractured his ribs during the defeat at st. mary 's .
david sullivan hits back : ` we are sure any fifa hearing will vindicate us '
 eoin morgan has been in the headlines this week after a blackmail plot .
 harry redknapp claims an insider is trying to force him out of qpr .
branislav ivanovic scored the only goal of the game in extra-time .
united have developed giant-killing reputation under nigel clough .
he thinks a competition like the big bash would work in england .'
arjen robben pulled bayern level with a goal on his 31st birthday .
robben grabbed his second and sebastian rode made it 5-1 to bayern .
palace are looking to sign ameobi on a short-term deal .
the spine of that side was made up of players signed by roberto mancini .
 jordan henderson expecting a fiery game between liverpool and chelsea .
ac milan striker was part of the italy squad eliminated in world cup group stages .
chelsea boss jose mourinho was snubbed a handshake vs aston villa .'
 mino raiola has joined in the race to become fifa 's next president .
neill lennon revealed his admiration for brendan rodgers .
he even admitted to copying some of rodgers ' training techniques .
member of liverpool 's backroom staff pulled them apart in the tunnel .
west brom are also interested in signing the 30-year-old .
 kell brook is desperate to face rival amir khan this year .
he scored 61 goals for club and country last year .
caroline wozniacki was knocked out in second round by victoria azarenka .
in the background , the creator travels from old trafford to the bernabeu .
reported being beaten , kidnapped and robbed after missing sony open cut .
allenby withdrew from this week 's pga tour event on doctor 's advice .
he was found by a homeless woman and helped by a retired soldier .'
ramires was introduced for cesc fabregas early in the second-half .
 didier drogba attended the fwa 's gala tribute evening on sunday .
 serena williams beat garbine muguruza 2-6 , 6-3 , 6-2 .
 daniel sturridge has not played for liverpool since august .
in the final minute , asamoah gyan netted to steal the game for ghana .
cambridge will be staying at abbey stadium after new ground rejected .
 easah suliman has decided to commit his future to aston villa .
the 16-year-old was being tracked by liverpool and bayern munich .
 jay emmanuel-thomas won the fa youth cup at arsenal in 2009 .
 steven gerrard will leave liverpool after 18 years this summer .
 brazil legend romario has been dating american singer dixie pratt .
prince charles is recognised for his power in architecture .
phil neville said he would have ` two-footed ' rosicky for his trick play .
read : chiles should have quit after the world cup .
adrian chiles virals : twitter reacts to the itv host being replaced .
she managed to lose five stone and is now undergoing fertility treatment .
10,000-year-old trees appear to have been hidden underwater since ice age .
experts believe pre-historic forest uncovered during recent stormy weather .
he will reveal details about his mars transporter before the end of the year .
current rovers on mars are very slow - curiosity moves at 0.08 mph .
scout could be used on next nasa or esa rovers on mars .
black version of bulletproof cap is available on kickstarter for # 64 -lrb- $ 99 -rrb- .
 diego costa was present at cobham on thursday afternoon .
the current deal expires in 2016 with president josep maria bartomeu admitting it is under review .
 ofcom will release interim report into how the pl auction tv rights .
 ecb have slashed wage limits for county cricket clubs .
the files on 2018 world cup bid were compiled with the help of british intelligence services .
ecb communications chief colin gibson has been let go .
 jamie fuller will write to all fifa sponsors asking them to back a reform .
 jason puncheon was at the world darts championship final on sunday .
goodwood has struck lucrative deal with qatar equestrian federation .
united are yet to begin talks with juventus over the star .
england have two very talented young right backs in nathaniel clyne and calum chambers .
the 24-year-old forward has been in impressive form in recent weeks .
blyth spartans ' heroic loss to birmingham city should have been televised .
 alexis sanchez has been brilliant for arsenal this season but if you put any decent player in that side they will look good .
rooney has helped youngsters bed in and could lead united into top four .'
but rodgers admitted he is too ` engrossed in his work ' now to be friends .
 stuart lancaster recalled danny cipriani and nick easter to set-up .
england 's pack was huge and chris robshaw deserved man-of-the-match .
nick easter has not featured for england since the 2011 world cup .
fernando torres scored twice for atleti as they knocked out real .
 tony pulis has won his opening two matches in charge of west brom .
 dustin johnson withdraws from all golf for the foreseeable future .
those accused of spot-fixing are innocent until proven guilty .
sunderland not being docked points made a mockery of football .
mo farah should be fit to run both 5,000 m and 10,000 m despite illness .
space .
builders are working on a # 5million redevelopment at the property .
living on the streets , he 'd take drugs to lift him out of depression .
hobbit holes are the preferred dwellings of frodo and bilbo baggins in j.r.r.
she said she was agoraphobic and could hardly leave her own house .
 the team ginola website appears to announce end of campaign .
ginola tweeted after the announcement he is ` not giving up , still in the race to reboot football ! '
 radamel falcao moved to manchester united on loan during the summer .
 arsenal signed brazil defender gabriel paulista for # 11.2 m from villarreal .
newcastle hope for closer to # 10million for senegal striker .'
achilles and graf spee ; 72 british sailors died .
bedraggled cat needed to have over 2lbs of the matted fur shaved off .
 chelsea play manchester city on saturday in top-of-the-table premier league showdown at stamford bridge .
alexis sanchez is unlikely to be risked by wenger at the weekend .
 daniel sturridge visited the school on ambassadorial duties .
the england international is set to return against west ham .'
 manny pacquiao and floyd mayweather are keen to fight on may 2 .
 liverpool host west ham in the premier league on saturday afternoon .
 gabriel paulista will be in arsenal squad for visit of aston villa on sunday .
 angel di maria posted a picture of himself enjoying the snow on instagram .
cesc fabregas is set to miss out with a hamstring injury .
politician asadullah khalid is strongly anti-taliban and a close ally of president karsai .
his daughter makaziwe mandela said she believes her father is at peace .
motorists gathered at car park for tribute where ford focus was destroyed .
similar traps could spring up across the country if councils have their way .
i was given no due process , i was fired without explanation .
 the group , aged between 12 and 15 , were spotted in dudley , west midlands .
so far this year it has caught more than 13,000 speeding drivers .
the pair had the italian car for 10 years before selling it for just # 1,000 .'
the mother-of-two spent more than 150 hours completing the task .'
says privacy could be a thing of the past because of social media .'
 the zengrab lanewatch mk2 cameras cost # 17,000 each .
around 10 people lifted the car off her after a collision in london .
skills minister believes there should be higher level for drivers to go for .
 kathleen mckechnie skifjell 's daewoo was taken as she went to buy water .
 ross mcdermott , 37 , was chased by a police car after doing 144mph .
he was disqualified for six months and ordered to pay # 570 fines and costs .'
but ` she did not look behind and see that her sister had also pulled out '
victim lacey gruntorad , 22 , wanted to be closer to the teacer .'
cuts come after pound rallied following no vote in scottish referendum .
 the pensioner stumbled from the wreckage , in rugby , without serious injury .
19 , died and other passengers were injured .
chevrolet .
black vauxhall corsa smashed into the living room of the stone cottage .
joanna .
husband david pewter , 76 , had pulled the handbrake up , but not properly .
 council worker ` shocked ' to find # 70 penalty on machine he left on grass .
tenterden town council is appealing fine with ashford borough council .
 drink-driver ploughed into a police car in dudley , west midlands .
car was being driven by two officers on saturday morning patrol .
 uniformed navy member allegedly attacked by two men of middle eastern appearance in sydney 's north-west .
the motorist has been cited for negligent driving for the october 7 incident , as gps is n't covered by the ban on texting .
the determined londoner has spent # 3,317 trying to pass .
motorists - unable to pay - issued with parking fines at the car park .'
 charles fitch , 75 , went looking for his wife after she had a crash .
 sophie vaughan , 22 , was still in south london traffic when she took a sip .
pelly denies the drink driving charge at westminster magistrates ' court .
picture was taken by passenger in passing car near cranbrook , devon .
he borrowed ` sandy ' from a friend and posed her in and beside the car .
racer guy martin hailed the vehicle as ` quicker than any ferrari or porsche ' .
man was illegally cycling on motorway near redbourn , hertfordshire .
 richard landon , binged on alcohol and junk food after losing his job .
despite attempts to save her , madonna died from her injuries .'
her father is reportedly valued at $ 8.7 billion .
 image shows jones lovingly cradling her son just hours after his birth .
 burqa-clad woman is shot dead in front of baying villagers ` after affair with taliban commander ' .
league leaders chelsea were held to a 1-1 draw with manchester city .
 crowds gathered as fernando alonso started testing for mclaren in jerez .
 andy murray beat tomas berdych in the australian open semi-final .
she wore a top with the words ` parental advisory explicit content ' on it .
raheem sterling scored the opening goal after half-time in the 51st minute to put liverpool 1-0 up .
the price of these phones stays the same for around three months .
after this time the price begins to drop by an average of # 10 each month .
gavin admits that the chance to box in birmingham swayed his decision .
 manchester united sauntered to a 3-1 win over leicester city on saturday .
his alkmaar team-mates walked off the pitch in protest at his red card .
 wolfsburg were competing in first match since junior malanda 's death .
 peter crouch celebrated his 34th birthday with a stoke city themed cake .
 simpson 's lawyers claimed on wednesday that the former sports star 's .
 hull city were defeated 3-0 by newcastle in the premier league .
some players were only partially through sex change operations .
all players are now required to undergo gender-testing at training sessions .
so again she paid out of pocket for the $ 70 bill .
she was driving to sister 's wedding at the time of accident in luoyang .
outline techniques used by joint threat research and intelligence group .
the only way to separate the two nations was to draw lots .
romelu lukaku scored the winner by bundling home from a steven naismith cross after only two minutes .
on thursday , prosecutors charged 51-year-old jace with murder and he could face up to 50 years in prison if convicted .
said no evidence british money helps world 's poor .
royal exchange in manchester says ` loyal customers ' have never been .
 they were taken by pete oxford , from torquay , in the ecuadorian amazon .
 charis mavrias has signed for panathinaikos on a six-month loan deal .
groves and hearn had a twitter spat about the fight on monday .
sinisa mihajlovic scheduled two training sessions after their weekend loss .
newcastle and aston villa had both been keen to sign alli .
sprinting superstar usain bolt watched the action in glendale , arizona .
 harry kane has committed his future to tottenham hotspur until 2020 .
the move fell through when the hammers tried to make the transfer a loan .
the former everton striker was available to reading as a free agent .
steve clarke has given the ex-nigeria international a short-term deal .
villa have not scored a premier league goal in more than 10 hours .
man city flew back from less than 24 hours before middlesbrough game .'
 klaas-jan huntelaar was sent off in schalke 's game with hanover 96 .
they both have a ` rare ' quality as ` nine-and-a-halves ' .
 graziano pelle studied diego costa 's methods when playing in holland .
some worried fans were far from happy with tomlin 's tweets .
pilot us scheme is limited to ` personal messages ' .
the money paid will go towards funding production of the vehicle .'
wilfried zaha completed his escape from man united to crystal palace .
club also sign derry city winger michael duffy .
the world no 1 reportedly offered # 8m to settle the lawsuit out of court .
 thomas will ride from london to paris for charity .
the pair went to san carlo restaurant in manchester .
mendes says ronaldo ` loves the manchester united supporters ' .
he says positions in law , medicine and accounting are most vulnerable .'
sale fly-half forced his way back into stuart lancaster 's squad last month .
 andre schurrle completed his protracted move to wolfsburg on monday .
chelsea 's draw at sunderland means they have scored in all but one game .
 sheng hailin , 64 , had twins zhizhi and huihui through ivf in 2010 .
the manchester united flop 's move to the club was confirmed on tuesday .
bobbi kristina is set to inherit mother 's entire $ 12 million fortune by the time she 's 30 .
but former wing paul sackey insists fly half should start at no 10 .
coleman spoke to bullock from the international space station .
click here for all the latest west ham united news .
 the what is sexy ?
 jennifer cramblett and her wife , amanda zinkon , wanted a white baby and chose a blond , blue-eyed donor from a chicago sperm bank .
 abbey , 28 , looks sultry in her latest campaign for lingerie giant .
eto'o joined sampdoria during the january transfer window .
rams added will in the january window despite losing jordon ibe .
photos displayed at the richard young gallery in west london .
 bayern munich fans display banner and hearts for a fellow supporter .
schalke earn 1-1 draw against pep guardiola 's side .
gary was obviously not too bothered about missing deadline day .'
 norwegian members of parliament nominate snowden for peace price .
 party moved in to office behind claridge 's last year ahead of election push .
 the best-selling author will produce six books over the next three years .
mcilroy is believed to have paid # 15million to horizon sports management .
the club have revealed plans for a new 48,000-seater stadium .
it occurred shortly after manchester united beat leicester city 3-1 .
 lance armstrong was involved in a car accident on december 28 .
bellerin was forced into the squad at borussia dortmund in september .
he gained 145,000 new twitter followers since signing an 18-month deal .
derby fan horan told bamford about mourinho 's interest .
 matt prior firmly behind england 's decision to sack kevin pietersen .
 juan cuadrado signed for chelsea from fiorentina on monday .
raul alejandro torres arrested in miami park .
he then taunts ` the big cheese ' with responses to twitter followers .
 yaya toure opened the scoring for ivory coast with a long-range effort .
 louis van gaal has been charged by the football association .
 flight landed safely after it was escorted by the f-15 jets .
 martin odegaard said his move was made purely for ` sporting ' reasons .
 lance armstrong was involved in a car accident on december 28 .
armstrong is to appear in court in march 17 to face the charges .'
 harry redknapp resigned as qpr manager on tuesday morning .
tim sherwood is favourite to replace his friend redknapp .
researchers found that alcohol resulted in around 20,000 u.s. deaths a year .
found carter 's ` nearly skeletonized ' body on the stairs .
active ingredient is carbohydrate found in norwegian seaweed .
earlier in the season wojciech szczesny was heavily fined for smoking .'
the forward has just served a two-game ban for kicking cordoba 's edimar .
 bayern munich drew 1-1 at home to schalke in the bundesliga on tuesday .
the united playmaker and his family have moved into a manchester hotel .
but it fell some way short of breaking the world records .
they had planned to marry at the end of the month but brought the wedding forward after their mother 's condition worsened .
it comes complete with guns , wooden stakes , crucifixes and holy water .
# 16million-rated ilkay gundogan is attracting interest from arsenal .
 research suggests crystal salvaged from a shipwreck may be a sunstone .
viking navigational aid pinpoints the sun and has long been stuff of legend .
 drawn from a study using fbi data on homicides between 2005 to 2009 .
31 states across the u.s. have the ` stand your ground ' law .
twitter account reveals he has been re-tweeting coverage of the trial .
cancer research uk is supporting clinical trials to test drug 's effectiveness .
 colin brazier , reporting from the scene , rummaged through victim 's suitcase .
alexis sanchez to miss arsenal 's clash with tottenham due to injury .
from lennon and mccartney to c.s.
pochettino claims koeman 's southampton team was already built .
lewis hamilton had been testing for mercedes at the circuito de jerez .
 wales take on england in the six nations opener on friday night .
wilshere was pictured with a shisha pipe on a night out with friends .'
owner of the two-year-old dog is yet to come forward .'
 catherine buckley needed skin grafts after the attack in west yorkshire .
it registers how much food is on the plate and how fast you eat .
 alfredo andrade-gaytan , 33 , has been fired following the charges .
 francis coquelin has been rewarded with new four-and-a-half year deal .
 swiss-style finishing schools crop up as china becomes more wealthy .
 christian eriksen has been instrumental for tottenham this season .
he will be joined in the studio by roy keane and paul scholes .
 joseph chernach committed suicide in 2012 suffering from early dementia .
mr chernach 's mother debra pyka is suing pop warner for at least $ 5m .
 brendan rodgers took over at liverpool in the summer of 2012 .
 bsports have predicted every remaining fixture in premier league season .
 equatorial guinea lost their afcon 2015 semi-final to ghana 3-0 .
he cheekily reminded tottenham fans of the ' 2-0 ' scoreline as he went off .
the brazilian attacker posted the photo of his instagram page .
 astronaut karen nyberg has captured the images from the international space station earlier this week .
leaders call for members to boycott all european imports in protest .
 polly brooks , 41 , from guildford , survived bali bombing .
 jocelyn rae and anna smith ensured victory against ukraine .
jamie redknapp interviews his former liverpool team-mate .
 oscar became the first premier league goalscorer in brazil 's 3-1 win over croatia in the world cup opener .
 billy knott helped bradford city beat chelsea 4-2 in the fa cup .
two current chelsea players feature in the five-a-side team .
sweden face estonia at the friends arena in solna on thursday .
players back in training ahead of friendly with colombia in miami on friday .
 former rangers captain richard gough backs dave king 's takeover bid .
the striker was left out of the squad for the arsenal clash on saturday .
 celtic are through to the scottish cup sixth-round after beating dundee .
assistant gary locke will take charge until a new manager is found .
nottingham forest defender danny collins replied for the away side .
the pair could miss the rest of qpr 's season .
striker gary hooper scored his first hat-trick for the club .
john terry to be rested against bradford with liverpool game in mind .
ireland flanker sean o'brien was a late withdrawal after the backrower tweaked his hamstring in the warm-up .
thibaut courtois believes the blues are good enough to win everything .
foxes boss nigel pearson and james mcarthur clashed on touchline .
kanchelskis played for everton , fiorentina and rangers during his career .'
angel di maria has been playing in rooney 's favoured no 10 position .
foxes boss nigel pearson and james mcarthur clashed on touchline .
austin is the hoops ' top scorer with 13 goals in 19 premier league games .
he was man of the match in only his second premier league appearance .
 redknapp linked with consortium looking to invest in a club .
 camille lopez 's five penalties were enough to secure victory for france .
tweeted to 11,000 followers that he was ` ok ' and ` no-one laid a hand on me ' .
 nbc network delaying broadcast of tonight 's opening ceremonies until 7:30 pm est , three and a half hours after they began .
 second tv debate between lib dem and ukip leaders on bbc2 at 7pm .
 atiq rehman lured a .
25-year-old was on a dream holiday when she was hit by out-of-control cab .
people in the uk have turkish ancestors that only date back 1,000 years .'
 son of kim jong-il is already leader of korean people 's army .
vuckic equalised for rangers on his debut after 62 minutes at ibrox .
` allergens are released in saliva - it 's not the fur people are allergic to '
had been groomed for sex by a string of british pakistani men .
dwight yorke said louis van gaal 's side not set up ` to play the united way ' .
jamie carragher also claimed pair are ` too similar to play together '
but experts still recommend current vaccination ` as it 's the best we have '
claimed it was ` shocking ' labour considered including in future welfare cap .
 everton defeated qpr 3-1 in their premier league clash on monday .
the arsenal legend has returned to london , where he became a legend .
read : wayne rooney is manchester united 's best striker but wasted .
manager alan pardew headbutted hull city player david meyler last year .
groom kept wedding plans a secret from marieke until the big day .
 alex song played with thierry henry for two years at arsenal .
telstar satellite beamed pictures from new york to receiver in cornwall .
 machine holds 350 200ml bottles of moet & chandon .
 wolfsburg drew 1-1 away at eintracht frankfurt last tuesday .
kevin de bruyne was caught swearing at a ballboy in the second half .
carver worked with shearer while assistant at st james ' park .
previous studies found that viagra could help .
 duo not included in van gaal 's 25-man squad .
keen tennis fan pippa , 28 , is a member of the queen 's tennis club .
 barcelona thrashed athletic bilbao 5-2 away from home on sunday night .
arsene wenger was not prepared to risk the chilean for the game .
a built-in accelerometer can tell if the lock is being tampered with .
 tim sherwood is the frontrunner to be named queens park rangers boss .
pm at odds with german chancellor over appointment of next eu president .
documents reveal pair had a lesbian affair during that time .
qpr attempted to sign diarra , who also had talks with inter milan .
tim howard will make his return after recovering from calf injury .
 liverpool changed their main sponsor to seeing is believing on tuesday .
main sponsor standard chartered will match the donations made .
over 200 guests celebrated the work of the royal marsden cancer hospital .
 lorry was pulling trailer , which toppled over on top of the nissan micra .
 easyjet entrepreneur stelios haji-ioannou revealed plans for a shop .
barcelona signed suarez for # 75million from liverpool in the summer .
harry kane equalised for the visitors as the first half ended level .
channel got packages a , c , d , e , which is 126 games a season .
daniel sturridge won the penalty which steven gerrard converted .
villa have 13 games to secure their premier league survival .
collins allegedly molested victim in manhattan apartment in 1970s .
 free training session was offered by veritas training academy to teachers in sarasota , florida .
she is believed to have recently converted to islam and married rebel .
top clubs expected to pay players an average of # 200,000-a-week .
he 's been replaced by clare balding for the famous tennis tournament .
she does it with such animal-like force that footage of her has gone viral .
new additional mutations trigger rapid growth of cancer cells .
most of the genetic faults are caused by smoking , experts say .
captain chris robshaw has his sights on winning the elusive grand slam .
animal activists set out to intercept the truck and police were called .
she was named after the dog which found her in a birmingham park .
 sam allardyce wanted to boost his midfield options with lassana diarra .
video footage showed ivanovic appearing to bite mccarthy .'
the 31-year-old was back with manchester city for training .
manuel pellegrini 's side won just once while toure was away .
 england defeated wales 21-16 in their opening match of the rbs 6 nations .
but morgan insists he is ` not really that concerned ' by patchy form .
they married in 1933 and recently celebrated their 80th anniversary .
shaun hutchinson gave fulham the lead after 21 minutes .
the frenchman said : ` from time to time , i 'm a jerk ' .
luke chambers guided in kevin bru 's cross to put ipswich ahead .
pablo zabaleta says premier league champions are comfortable .
 emre can signed for liverpool from bayer leverkusen during the summer .
the incident occurred as the newcastle players celebrated their opener .
 a british pathe gallery shows old footage of the underground .
 diego costa will make his return to the chelsea team next week .
costa has served a three-match ban for stamping on emre can last month .
the united star has played in midfield 12 times under louis van gaal .
gekas and navas played together at levante during 2012-13 .
mr thomas , 37 , from maesycwmmer , south wales , said ` this is terrifying ' .
 visit the north and west peaks of the sacred taoist mount huashan , china .
romeo was hand-picked to model in campaign with cara delevingne .'
his wife danica said doctors said he was suffering from ` reactive psychosis ' .
and 44 per cent of leaders , businessmen and politicians educated privately .
 native english speakers are a minority at 314-pupil city of leeds school .
described as a ` fundamental ambassador ' by the ipc director of media .
foreign office expresses ` concern ' over the ban .
the essex batsman is set to be dropped against australia .
 britt assombalonga injured his knee as he took a shot against wigan .
 kevin de bruyne joined wolfsburg in a # 17million move from chelsea .
the 23-year-old has scored eight bundesliga goals this season .
 factory worker gary karn sexually assaulted two girls while picking fruit .
the german goalkeeper has backed his side to win a treble this season .
 qpr owner tony fernandes has placed his faith in chris ramsey .
head coach ramsey will be assisted by kevin bond and kevin hitchcock .
 marie colvin killed in blast while working for the sunday times in february .
mother rosemarie colvin weeps as she greets mourners .'
 jonathan coupland , 53 , was accused of abusing six-year-old jessica .
 paula o'brien , 39 , discovered last week that her friend of four years , abbey donohoe , 29 , is in fact her niece .
entitled ` uk brothers in syria ' , it tells ` brothers and sisters ' to join jihad .
the 27-year-old disappeared after being hit by giant waves on january 1 .
 regal beagle transforms pets into portraits fit for the queen .
mr casey is married to former beauty queen bernice wong .
highly contagious virus has no cure , and there is no vaccine .'
woods revealed the president had an ` amazing touch '
prime minister due to meet sheikh tamim bin hamad al-thani this week .
president obama said it was a ` wonderful day for them and their families ' .
 online dating sites are reporting 350 per cent more traffic post christmas .
recipents of letter - sent to 200 ira suspects - could still face prosecution .
 russian president was attending brics summit in durban .
 mark rodriguez , 17 , was shot as he sat inside his vehicle at 11 p.m. on friday while driving home from his high school graduation .
james brown , 29 , started shooting from his jeep on chesapeake boulevard and was later shot and killed by police after a bloody chase .
 leicester city face aston villa in the fa cup fifth-round on sunday .
 primary school in hubei province has put the bars on to all students ' desks .
kate was notably absent from the wedding in bucklebury , berkshire , but sister pippa and parents carole and michael middleton were in attendance .'
 lambert released by liverpool 's academy at age of 15 .
 jd sports and sports direct stores do not have the new shirt .
 england striker sturridge has returned home early from club 's tour of the united states after sustaining hamstring injury .
 the lumee was invented by 57-year-old photographer allan shoemake .
the game was played two days after his mother 's funeral .
pacquiao said he is just waiting for a contract to be drawn up .'
 stephen warnock sent off on 40 minutes for derby following two bookings .
triple olympic and world champion has recovered from a foot injury .'
the 37-year-old will join former cricketer merv hughes in south africa .
the pair were joined by team-mate josuha guilavogui .'
click here for all the latest from the cricket world cup .'
neymar missed a late penalty for the catalan giants .
messi is usually barca 's designated penalty taker .
 andy carroll suffered knee injury against southampton on wednesday .
 the german missed out on the f1 world title to lewis hamilton last season .
david beckham 's son shared a video of himself in action for youth side .
 sam warburton was presented with shirt at half-time at white hart lane .
the lucky winner also gets to keep the htc one -lrb- m8 -rrb- phone as well .
villa are in search of a new boss after paul lambert 's departure .
grant insists he is committed to his role as ghana manager .
 actress disobeyed police officer 's instructions to stay in the car .
 william rockefeller , 46 , told .
` that 's all we want to do .
the fear apparently causes chemical changes in their sperm .
 54 year old queensland man bitten by an eastern brown snake .
was allergic to the anti-venom and has spent three weeks in hospital .
 peter jakeman , 62 , was visiting the area when he was trampled by cows .
 eden hazard says he never intended to leave chelsea .
psg have been linked to signing hazard in recent seasons .
chelsea signed hazard from lille in 2012 for # 32 million .
injuries sustained have been considered as minor , according to troopers .
the arsenal boss described giroud as a ` top-level footballer ' .
captain eoin morgan is very obviously struggling for form .
cancer research uk have no idea where idea came from but are in support .
king george v , revealed what had taken place to sir cecil .
sir .
league one outfit bradford defeated chelsea in previous round .
spain were eliminated at the group stages of the world cup .'
comes after mr adams talked about trampolining on his twitter account .
material could be 5 per cent efficient when fully-developed .'
washington wizards beat boston celtics in double overtime thriller .
toronto raptors see off denver nuggets in overtime .
 the human connectome project released high quality images of the brain .
also owns a tooth that belonged to elvis presley and hopes to clone him .
but froch did not have a ring on him at the time and cordingley had to wait .
 morgan amalfitano was sent off just nine minutes into his appearance .
click here for all the latest west ham united news .'
southampton remain in contention for a place in the champions league .
wasilewski 's elbow went unpunished on saturday .
it is believed mrs cox suffered ` an emergency ' .
son was looking for help .
the pair were on the ground outside virginia home for most of the night .
 toni kroos has defended cristiano ronaldo following criticism from fans .
 tim sherwood was appointed aston villa manager on saturday .
 her friend mel gibson shows his support with a wolf-whistle .
family and friends of ms hickey have told of their shock at her killing .'
created by cake-making entrepreneur allison whitmarsh , from huddersfield .
u.s. attorney : ` it was the bank of choice for the criminal underworld '
last year her partner kevin mckinley was killed following an argument .
 tim sherwood was unveiled as the new aston villa manger on monday .
but they say verizon was slowed significantly since april .
bony had to renew his visa before reporting for duty at the etihad .'
hazard has 13 goals in 39 apperances so far this season .
marco verratti does not like to predict that his side will win games .
jose mourinho did not reveal who will start in goal for chelsea .
 lazar markovic was sent off in liverpool 's game against basle in december .
tom cleverley should start moving forward under tim sherwood .
tory chairman grant shapps dismisses barroso as ` unelected bureaucrat ' .
 india 's virat kohli revealed the adelaide oval is a ` special ground for him ' .
click here for all the latest cricket world cup news .
dog owners could be arrested and given a # 2,243 fine or 74 lashes .
they beat manchester united in the final 3-2 with an alan sunderland goal .
her symptoms began eight months before she was hospitalised -- and she had no previous history of psychiatric illness .
 caitlin prater-haacker had her locker robbed and facebook hijacked .
she posted complimentary messages on lockers of her 850 peers .
swiss banks are being asked to hand over data on american clients .'
shutdown is resolved by saturday they wo n't be able to set foot on the west lawn of the thomas jefferson memorial .
 liverpool defender dejan lovren has added to his vast array of tattoos .
 chelsea fc owner roman abramovich 's # 1.5 billion mega-yacht currently undergoing renovations in germany .
mancini worked with toure at city between 2010 and 2013 .
wales go into the game after a confidence-shaking defeat by england .
 tottenham striker harry kane has 23 goals for spurs so far this season .
queen attends event tonight to mark diabetes uk 's 80th anniversary .
 england take on italy at the juventus stadium on march 31 .
under-18 blues side are also top of their southern premier league .
 rhonda kristen casto , 23 , was hiking with her boyfriend stephen wagner nichols , now aged 40 , when she fell to her death on march 16 , 2009 .
polish musician slawomir zubrzycki spent at least 5,000 hours and around # 6,000 building the instrument , which plays the sound of a cello .
 wayne rooney won a penalty and scored to seal united 's win over preston .
rooney went down under a challenge by thorsten stuckmann late on .
four of the ship 's crew members were relieved including the commanding officer .
 pm helle thorning-schmidt today attended the funeral for shooting victim .
 philip chawner , 56 , turned down two jobs in tv interview .
sterling still faces a late fitness test ahead of thursday 's game at anfield .
former f1 drivers mark webber and alexander wurz condemned the ban .
chelsea face premier league clash against burnley on saturday .
the former tottenham head coach was unveiled at villa park on monday .
 kelly sotherton tweeted the news of the burglary on wednesday .
 gary bradley , 29 , harassed 19-year-old nicole shirley on bus last year .
 apple 's mobile payment system is not being accepted at the drug store chains .
the incident only came to light after holloway 's sister posted cell phone footage on youtube .
farah called the runner who finished second to him in the european championships ` an embarrassment ' .
many in the wider athletics community found farah 's comments arrogant .
abi branning accusation was found to be a red herring .
the west ham striker will miss the rest of the season after surgery .
marks a 50 % rise from before the coalition government took power .
 mohammed hadi , 18 , believed to have travelled to war-torn region to fight .
 demi bowers was sexually abused by john breckon when she was 13 .
he fled and prompted huge manhunt before he was spotted on train .
the man has been revealed to be 33-year-old souleymane s. from paris .
 scientists 'em balm ' the living cell in a silica acid solution .
was recruited to guantanamo bay in 2002 just after wartime prison opened .
she screamed and banged her hands on the floor before throwing her racquet .'
reinventing the royals will air on bbc2 tonight at 9pm .
reinventing the royals , tonight at 9pm on bbc2 .
followed by bible belt where just under half residents attend church .
but many cyclists do n't wear one as they are too bulky .
 nils .
tiny $ 50 bird cage was all that stood between harrington and the man-eater .
 glass floor is part of a # 24m refit that includes new solar panels , museum .
lukaku had suggested he wanted to move to a ` top club ' last week .
collymore criticised supporters for their use of sectarian chants .'
then takes to instagram to thank henderson for allowing him the penalty .
comes after miss gillard claimed government would be dominated by men if liberals won power .
24-year-old mother said it was ` only fair ' for her to own ` most famous ' boobs .
josh scored his first league goal against blackpool last month .
james foley 's beheading was posted online last month by isis militants .
 mo'nique , 47 , won best supporting actress oscar in 2010 for her role in lee daniels ' precious .
 more than 2.5 million britons suffer from type 2 diabetes .'
it is said that she played the piano for him .
complaints rolled in that statue in gateshead , tyneside , had been ` defiled ' .
 drugs fund set up after patients being refused treatment on .
pm visits children and adults being treated for cancer in oxford .'
 hospitals and health care providers are ` easy targets ' according to experts .
 faye walters , 29 , went to her local dentist to have her veneers replaced .
she was awarded title by the guinness book of records .
first person thought of a greeting and second reported ` flashes of light '
 8.5 million cigarettes found in fabric shipping container from malaysia .
his attributes have been broken down at compared to present day players .
barcelona have unveiled a training pitch named after him .
 santi cazorla and nacho monreal went head-to-head in a keepy-ups match .
 jack wilshere will be in the arsenal squad to face crystal palace .
arsene wenger says wilshere 's versatility will see him given game time .
the brazil captain has been in superb form for barcelona this season .'
craig pawson sent off adrian for handball and was then surrounded .
the winger has been fouled on 74 occasions in the premier league .
 wilfried bony was signed by manchester city for # 28m from swansea .
liverpool 's premier league clash against arsenal will be live on bt sport .
 kevin pietersen has been enjoying time by the pool during the world cup .
james , 2 , was abducted and murdered in 1993 in bootle , merseyside .
microsoft has said affected users are entitled to a replacement console .
 biologists at university of regensburg studied common black garden ants .
baldwin was into skateboarding when he was younger .
pacquiao has claimed he agreed to the fight before his american opponent .
but former defender gary neville says fans should trust dutchman .
artist nickolay lamm has responded with a more gentle makeunder .
calls for mattel to manufacture more natural looking dolls .
 radamel falcao has struggled to impress with manchester united .
he is on loan from monaco and has only scored four goals in 19 games .
new evidence suggests the leader of the battle was actually choe hyon .
 bermuda now agrees to sign up to international register of companies .
investigation is into whether officers lied about ` plebgate ' affair .
international association of athletics federations -lrb- iaaf -rrb- kicked him out of all olympic events for not providing a ` bona fide effort ' .
 arsenal beat crystal palace 2-1 at selhurst park .
an adult ticket to palace 's home game with arsenal cost # 45.00 .
bus got stuck in traffic and stopped on interstate 65 in athens , alabama .
jermaine lewis , 27 , and tyrone laidley , 20 , both jailed for 23 years .
former nfl star stevens , 36 , was arrested on suspicion of dui .
 u.s. court of appeals in san francisco upholds federal court 's ruling .
200,000 people have voted on sick art project .'
farah called fellow long distance runner vernon ` an embarrassment ' .
the former england defender said more education is needed .
 everton draw 2-2 with leicester at goodison park in the premier league .
city were knocked out of europe by barcelona last season .
 sadio mane arrived 30 minutes after meeting time on sunday .
 neurologist dr richard saul claims adhd is just a collection of symptoms .
real madrid players find it very amusing as they share the joke in training .
 james palumbo is a friend and adviser to party leader nick clegg .
she ` had met the girl , 6 , born in the home who called her grandmother ' .
another horse , platitude , was euthanized following a separate incident at the track at the indiana grand racing & casino .'
the walk to move a broken pump was broadcast online on tuesday .
 toye & co behind the making of wayne rooney 's centenary cap .
striker follows in the footsteps of steven gerrard , among others .
rooney will play 100th game for england against slovenia on saturday .
journeyman midfielder is now in charge of swiss club servette .
city go into european match on the back of 5-0 win against newcastle .
read : mourinho in extraordinary goals on sunday interview .
money is handed over in a bid to stop country becoming next afghanistan .
 manchester city lost 4-1 to barcelona in the champions league last year .
french midfielder samir nasri : ' i think we respected them too much ' .
 sean deakin had only owned the dog for a few days .
staffordshire bull terrier tyson took eight hours to die .
ronaldo recently broke up with girlfriend irina shayk .'
 barcelona take on manchester city in the champions league on tuesday .
merkel wants uk to leave rather than curb workers ' free movement .
roberto mancini 's son filippo follows father out of manchester city exit .
hertha berlin interested in ex-fulham and everton man johnny heitinga .
lambert was released by liverpool 's academy aged 15 .
 bugatti veyron driven at 225mph on arizona 's i-8 .
it can do 0-60mph in 2.5 seconds ; top speed 253mph .
lavish period drama set in the 15th century during the war of the roses .
former referee keith hackett agrees the official gave a ` pretty appalling performance '
did not reference o'reilly or any cbs correspondents being injured .
contaminated hands transfer bacteria to doors , keyboards , phones .
police have released security footage to try and find the suspect .
 chelsea will present a dossier of previous incidents to the fa on tuesday .
that is the opinion of ryan giggs .
works just like facebook , twitter and instagram , by ` checking in ' .
the app has been called ` facebook of the dating world '
 rodriguez believes former boss pochettino was a ` great manager ' .
the brazilian reacted furiously , shoving his opponent twice .
 the ` christmas tinner ' is made up of nine layers of traditional festive food .
she changed her booking days before the flight at her brother 's suggestion .
their lead was doubled when newcastle 's mackenzie heaney netted .
kate and william joined by group of friends in a box .
 lionel messi 's recent penalty record has been poor for barcelona .
the argentine saw his spot-kick saved by joe hart on tuesday night .
 arsenal have exited the champions league in last-16 in last four seasons .
 fernando alonso spent the night in hospital after crashing his mclaren-honda during f1 testing at the circuit de catalunya on sunday .
alonso is a two-time world champion and has 32 career grand prix wins .
 odion ighalo has scored 13 goals in nine games for watford in 2015 .
the gates , along with the hillsborough memorial are now in storage .
giroud says he should be more like cheslea striker diego costa .
explains that giving to beggars is not an act of kindness but one of cruelty .
 troops detonated homes of two suspects and sealed off house of a third .
lamela 's side play chelsea in the league cup final on sunday .
 fernando torres made a first appearance in 10 months in the champions league on wednesday night .
capello will have to explain how he will transform russia 's team .
backs campaign to move prime minister 's questions to an evening time slot .
barcelona rivals real madrid have paid the second most on average .
crystal palace take on west ham in lunch-time kick off on saturday .
18-year-old beat the world no 3 in one hour and 19 minutes .
 pop-up of arsene wenger was available in arsenal 's programme .
 dmitry rybolovlev was ordered to pay record amount to elena rybolovleva .
shot-stopper was an ever-present for blackpool last campaign .
burnley manager worked with the forward during his spell at watford .
looking to add to his squad as he prepares for the premier league .'
he tried to pass instead of shooting with the goal at his mercy .
but the 21-year-old credits tim sherwood with his rise .
 v. stiviano talked about the nature of her relationship with clippers owner donald sterling in an interview with dr phil which aired wednesday .
when the interview was shared online , cuban was branded a racist .
 alexei dovotchenko was discovered dead at his apartment in moscow .
says he saved up his pocket money to buy a scalextric set as a child .
time lapse video recorded on north shore of oahu , hawaii .
 yannick bolasie has impressed for crystal palace so far this season .
prototype is undergoing tests , and the firm has n't announced a release date .
prototype has been created by teenager brooke martin from washington .
 hundreds .
it is now going on display at the fleet air arm museum in somerset .
the 47-year-old part-time student was arrested two weeks into her iranian holiday .
 la man toby sheldon says justin bieber is his inspiration .
paramedic dominic stark said he arrived to find pm holding her hand .
 samuel ` curt ' johnson pleaded guilty to sexual contact with a teenager .
former armed forces chief lord richards said syria airstrikes a ` no brainer '
group hangs plastic bags with a flyer and a rock on doors in texas .'
lord chief justice thomas agreed the sentence was ` unduly lenient '
 eminent scientists claim over-development is making flooding much worse .
 the farmer claims aid is funding a despotic one-party state in his country .
 council officials launched an official investigation after the video went viral .
the bar and carnage have also been ordered to close for 12 months .
 russia has massed tanks , troops and aircraft on the border .
 dr mike wyllie developed spray-on medication tempe .
it is feared the man could be the next victim of militants in syria .
 archbishop pietro parolin says there should be a ` discussion ' on issue .
 dzhokhar tsarnaev found a pen inside the boat he was using to hide out .
a new law in nebraska which dictates that you can not have an abortion after 20 weeks meant deaver had no choice but to have her baby .
the couple cradled and comforted their baby for 15 minutes before she died .'
brimble , 48 , had his name tattooed on her chest in an infinity symbol .
ms zhukova has criticized the blog for using such a sensitive image on mlk day .
the payment was for the 1993 thrift drug triple crown .
it is the latest such picture put online as part of group 's propaganda push .
pshonka 's lavish kiev mansion had an indoor pool and crystal chandeliers .
photos were posted online showing a man having his hand chopped off .
but when he returned to his car the next day he found it destroyed .
youngsters recall a sympathetic grandfather in jurassic park .'
agreement signed in 1997 did not include u.s. or china .
three 's deal is # 37 a month with a one-off payment of # 49 .
 2nd lt daniel meade , 29 , has been identified as the stepfather who shot his daughter in colorado springs monday .
 steve bruce nearly signed charlie austin when he was playing for burnley .
poyet intends to give his attacking players freedom on saturday .
 harry kane has been in superb form for tottenham this season .
at least # 50,000 allegedly channelled through a tax haven by mp .
picture was posted after the netherlands ' 2-1 win over mexico .
mexican carrier aeromexico responds with post praising the national team .
murphy spoke with writers on the night of the show but eventually said no .
spurs go into the game after losing to fiorentina in the europa league .
jose mourinho believes mauricio pochettino 's side will cope at wembley .
 floyd mayweather 's $ 250m showdown with manny pacquiao is on .
decision could mark end of decades of international co-operation in space .
nishimura awarded brazil a penalty for lovren 's foul on fred in croatia 's group a match against the hosts .
alexis rasmussen , 16 , died of an overdose after drug-fueled sex with dea and eric millerberg .
 beckham jnr practised one-handed catches with brad friedel .
 barcelona landed in grenada ahead of saturday 's la liga game .
 cctv footage shows moment shopkeeper tackled robbers during raid .
he tried to move gun out of his face before grabbing coat of second robber .
david cameron seen giving jean-claude juncker a high-five this month .
craig pawson should have sent papiss cisse off on sunday .
 lawsuit filed alleges imam feisal abdul rauf took the money for personal gain .
 avery lane died from influenza in december 2012 .
claims he considered welsh beauty queen rosemarie frankland his ` great love ' and that they were together .
 the 34-year-old construction worker is buried by tonnes of sand .
 italian 's are competing against each other to win contract at leyton orient .
 england have fallen from 13th to 15th in latest fifa world rankings .
arsenal academy player josh benson shared the news on twitter .
 george north has been out with concussion for three weeks .
in russia wedding rings are worn on the right hand rather than the left .'
they end up with half the ` selfie stick ' in their photo .
 diego costa will start for chelsea after returning from ban .
bojan krkic looks sets to win his fitness battle for the potters .
he converted three penalties in the second period to lead saracens to a win .
 the local derby between sampdoria and genoa was called off .
referee gianluca rocchi could not bounce a ball on the waterlogged pitch .'
 sunderland had a legitimate goal disallowed at the stadium of light .
she was injected with an abortion-inducing drug which killed her son .
 clearview audio , boston , massachusetts , designed the thin acrylic speaker .
app allows follow-up questions and remembers what 's been asked before .
she was sectioned under the mental health act and suffered heart attack .
 viagra may cause loss of vision in men with retinitis pigmentosa .
 microsoft to cease support for windows xp on april 8th .
experts believe only 95 % of atms run the software .
pair came up with the idea of a tiny home , which would be mortgage free but both stylish on the inside and out .
 manchester city will be without the injured sergio aguero for crucial tie .
no one was injured in the incident .
 flashy two-piece , worth # 500,000 , is made of 3kg of the precious metal .
kitterman told police he walked and hitchhiked to pueblo .
they will track the path of the sun and beam light onto the town square .
last week protesters were outraged when spanish officials euthanized an ebola patient 's dog .
but researchers are questioning whether her image is justified .'
 army used tactic for overwhelming fire dubbed ` hannibal procedure ' .
he suffers alzheimer 's and his wife , doris was frantic with worry .
he described the prospect of a labour government as a ` land of despair ' .
but was shown during the day and early evening on itv and channel 4 .
said it was ` sent on spur of the moment ' and was a ` very foolish tweet '
its snickers bars have also been reduced from 58g to 48g .
germans are the biggest drinkers , with britons not far behind , while many people in the middle east abstain .
the quarantine was made mandatory after snyderman 's restaurant trip .
 tim yeo has complained about lord deben 's undisclosed green interests .
lord deben is chairman of firm which connects windfarms to national grid .
just days away from her due date with her first child expected this month .'
seven mummified bodies were also found in the ancient crypt in sudan .
then a 30-minute journey took them to private estate sandringham .
this means it could have been built during the reign of alexander the great .
 ashlee birk was 28 with five young children when husband was shot dead .
duke and duchess of cambridge opted to spend day with kate 's parents .
ospina is set to be rested for arsenal 's fa cup clash with middlesbrough\xc3\x82 .
 randy jennings became hooked on schwarzenegger at the age of 11 .
to other fans .
official is stood down from this weekend 's premier league rota .
uk now 25th out of 41 developed countries for children living in poverty .
if they think they 're being lied to , they will try to fill in the gaps themselves .
 tolkien investigated tale of roman ring two years before the hobbit was published .
 alex snelson claims he can eat only ` whole foods ' without byproducts or processing additives .
he listed ice cream as one of those foods on a handwritten legal complaint .
fears that up to 23 americans could have been on malaysian airlines flight .
he was bloody .
actress heather locklear also a fan .'
the teenagers all called their father for help when they hit the water .
this latest finding is smaller than comparable coronal mass ejections .
 teenage boy was ambushed by three vigilantes in rio de janeiro , brazil .
he is also training to be a dietician , something he admits is ` contradictory '
at the time the blackburn midfielder was struggling for playing time .
 georgetown university student spent three years translating secret military documents and blogs .
the dcmg honour is in recognition of her campaigning against rape in war zones and services to uk foreign policy .
 mihaela noroc is the 29-year-old romanian photographer behind ` the atlas of beauty ' .
screamed and banged her hands on the floor before throwing her racquet .'
his owner aleksandr matytsin , 48 , began training him to carry a bucket .
 the video claims to be an official film about how ` americans live today ' .
captain robin walbridge , 63 , is still missing at sea .
 scott and ruth roe family moved to bron-yr-aur cottage to escape city life .
reports of a surge in ufo sightings in the urals before the strike .
 khambrel hadley and alyssa oakes had only moved in together in may .
industry insiders say taylor has a ` broad appeal ' .
 scientists found algae after sending a balloon into the stratosphere .
restaurant had planned to challenge boldest customers with concoction .
he insisted there was ' a backstory ' and said ` always believe what you see ' .
jay kelly was born biologically female and named jaya .
he was reportedly captured and killed by militants last week .
 yvonne gibney , 55 , had been married to maurice gibney for 17 years .
there she found pictures of them kissing and wearing wedding clothes .
publishers simon & schuster are ` nervous ' , a source said .
chris gunter took offence to the tweet , simply replying : ` no '
it was n't a .
exterminate ! ''
 heather sewell noticed familiar face hovering over family in photo .
picture was taken at st martin 's church in canterbury .
chopra was fined # 15,000 by the seasiders in january .
sarries had said seven club support scrapping the salary cap .
periplaneta japonica has never been confirmed in the u.s. until recently .
 emma sloan died in front of her mother and sisters in a dublin street .
 south korea has released a new version of kfc 's double down burger .
 sgt.
 lib dem minister sounds the alarm over impact of scotland leaving the uk .
developers say the bunker was ` one of the most challenging buildings ' to work with as it had no windows .
kit kats are already by far the most popular chocolate bar in the country .'
she will consume her feast before receiving a lethal injection at a prison in jackson on february 25 .'
was discovered by tv crew filming a show about bailiffs for channel 5 .
asda admit it is filtered yorkshire water .
teenager could not swim but rushed to help the trio .
it was taken by london-based photographer max ellis .
 35 % of 11.2 million mortgages are interest-only deals .
 angie mcdonnell met vidar , a belgian malinois , while serving in helmand .
london fire brigade said : ` we take anything to do with children seriously '
 islam bhati , 37 , from rajasthan in india has put his two-year-old goat on the market with a whopping # 128,000 price tag for eid al-adha festival .
the spacecraft will now be moved to fly past the moon on 10 august .
 australian tourist , 24 , needed 16 stitches after she was hit with a bottle .
alfie now asks his father heartbreaking questions about his mother .
 group published pictures of fighters watching a pyre of drums burning .
images are the latest move in a propaganda war fought by isis in libya .
came back into the international spotlight after beheading 21 christians .
mr stojanovic said that he feels more comfortable in the grave than on the streets .'
country .
she died in october 2012 from her injuries after ten months in hospital .
number of guatemalan students enrolling in lynn 's schools has doubled .
officials can not verify their ages as department of justice forbids it .
light pollution has destroyed views of the night sky in towns and cities .'
i have upset the women but that 's not my problem , ' says laura maggi .
 the fire hydrant is based in the lower east side .
 the festivities are celebrating an annual vegetarian festival in phuket .
 unidentified remains have been stored at the office of the chief medical examiner but were moved this morning to ground zero .
several days to make its way to casey base in antarctica to refuel .
palestinian prisoner killed on tuesday for allegedly spying for israel .
rizkallah followed and was also swept out by the strong current .
families were not told their loved ones were on the ` pathway ' to death .
prosecutors have recommended he gets 95 years behind bars .
 doctor , a nine-year-old german shepherd , was accidentally shot in the jaw by a police officer on thursday .
devi 's father claims in-laws became angry when she gave birth to a girl .
its mother rushes to her offspring 's aid desperately trying to free the calf before another elephant joins in .
 woman 's body found with a critically ill baby inside home in wollongong .
officers say the baby has non life-threatening injuries .
 cpl.
 esther mcvey , 45 , is taking on the role of minister for the disabled .
she was trafficked from london home after men ` deliberately targeted her ' .
u.s. navy is ready to deploy laser onboard one of its ships later this year .
 brian flemming from michigan was obese , depressed and addicted to alcohol .
production of the heroin raw material is expected to rise for the third year .
 picture emerges appearing to show giant crustacean off kent coast .
the headstones belonged to early residents and dated back as far as 1846 .
when it was discovered that a cadilliac escalade had a flat battery .
 the queen visited the midlands city of wolverhampton accompanied by the duke of edinburgh .
 the girl was brought to a medical clinic in the philippines on friday .
the sales employee claims that managers turned a .
 police have an unnamed suspect in custody in relation to at least 12 shootings on kansas city-area roads .
light aircraft seen approaching in the distance leaving trail of fumes .
 cecil williams , 61 , and his 10-year-old black labrador guide dog orlando fell onto the tracks on tuesday at 125th street subway station .
the 14-week-old spaniel-pointer cross was locked in the cage with a note .
rspca suspect snoopi was an unwanted christmas present .'
 huang lihua , 24 , has never forgotten her grandmother 's kindness .
 the duchess has ordered earrings and a necklace from tory & ko .
 visitors at zoo in japan can shake hands with small-clawed otters .
but the hull winger had been at a dublin hospital with his unwell daughter .
 emanuele giaccherini has endured two injury-ravaged seasons .
remote-controlled aircraft carries just over 6lb -lrb- 3kg -rrb- and has four propellers .
it features a wandering violin mantis fighting a thumb .
the scottish parliament is permanent .
 john stingemore , 70 , arrested in sussex as 66-year-old arrested in norfolk .
once in the body , it causes liver cirrhosis and failure and raises cancer risk .
the surgeon was devastated by the loss of his wife two years ago .
gemma harrison died from bowel cancer , which he specialises in treating .
 new york , d.c. and boston are being hit by up to 22 inches of snow .
 emma kivell , 31 , has made shrine to child 's play character chucky .
 jen psaki , the state department 's chief spokesperson , seemed blindsided by a question about clinton 's accomplishments .
but black resident bobby harper says he 's not afraid and he 's staying put .
the former marine described his chief justice as being ` vindictive ' .
 seminole county sheriff 's office told he was caught due to his underwear .
 pictures were picked from 8,000 submissions for kennel club 's annual dog photographer of the year competition .
part of ` epidemic ' of neglected and discarded dogs in ireland .
it happened after .
 nathan phillips , three months old , has two types of dwarfism .
when asked to name a popular choice for something a doctor might pull out of a person , the contestant , darci , said ; ' a gerbil ' .
 crafty animal has become unofficial mascot at the swiss club .'
 bill de blasio dropped staen island groundhog chuck in february .
cctv showed him ` hitting and kicking her 117 times in 30-minutes ' .
 a letter penned aboard the titanic just before it hit an iceberg and sank has sold at action for # 119,000 -lrb- $ 200,000 -rrb- .
he blasted the ` idolatrous ' economy for discarding a ` whole generation ' .
turkey has promised to respond ` determinedly ' to jet being shot down .
utah county attorney jeff buhman said the narrow , metal , 3-foot long sword hunt was wielding was sharp enough to hurt someone .
they plan to try and bar obama from transferring any more prisoners .
 tattooed presidential candidate vladimir franz may become kingmaker .
olympic games opening ceremony and top gear are most viewed shows .
he now claims hollywood has been calling , and offering him own show .'
 unidentified object is sitting on the ocean floor between sweden and finland .'
cookbook written in 1800 by english baroness has a recipe for ` dow nuts ' .
al-nuami was a well-known campaigner for human rights in iraqi city mosul .
o'brien was on assignment in asia when heavy piece of tv equipment fell on his left forearm as he was packing .
they have posted photos of their meals which they deem to be inadequate .
 the moose went for a swim in a private pool in redmond , washington .
 dazzling scenes captured at wildlife refuge in missouri .
women then blindfolded and sexually abused him for four days .
the beans were in a dark green stoppered bottle and were brought to the surface .
 eldon samuel iii , 14 , arrested and charged with murdering his father , 46 , and brother , 13 .
tottenham will demand at least # 20million for the england defender .
also admitted affray and importing # 1,000 of cannabis into the uk .
estate agent akram and mohamed described as ` well-mannered ' .
thomas : ` every person .
the agency was also authorized to hire 261 .
now one of them is believed dead - but which one is not yet confirmed .'
 raheem sterling has been in contract talks with liverpool for months .
 the stunning wedding photographs were taken in french polynesia .
` mentally ill ' 54-year-old has said rock guitarist eddie van halen visits him ` in his mind ' .
iraq islamists joined forces with syrian counterparts to form group .'
also gives access to android apps and web .
obama to reveal united states ' campaign strategy in address on wednesday .
 demonstration outside city hall by feminist protest group femen .
he spent most of his life working at diergaarde blijdorp zoo in rotterdam , holland , cleaning out the giraffes ' enclosure .
in heartbreakingly-touching scene , one giraffe approached mario , in his portable hospital bed , and gave him a kiss .
the egyptian severed both hands on the tracks of a speeding train .
 it is # 6 cheaper to send luggage to malaga with courier firm sendmybag than taking it on a ryanair flight .
 starkey says history in british schools should have ' a serious focus on your own culture ' .
it is the latest phase of china 's ambitious space programme .
she and husband marc mezvinsky shared pictures of them with newborn .
killing of american citizens if they are believed to be ` senior .
 both mark and scott kelly joined nasa in 1996 .
 rupert murdoch 's new home will be on the top four floors of the one madison building in manhattan 's flatiron district .
it eliminates the need to clean the cleaner 's filter by using smaller cyclones .
the incident is being investigated by the ontario county sheriff 's department .
the 25-year-old had married mohammad iqbal against her family 's wishes .
 nina pham 's dog bentley was quarantined for 21 days when she fell ill .
 the event , held at yale , polled students anonymously on sexual activity .
in those states , the business owner can decide whether to allow weapons .
as most people are right-handed , they pick names mostly from the right .
all staff members should have ` buddies ' to monitor and help train each other .
 fox news host paid about $ 8 million for 1940s ocean-front cottage last year .
east hamptons home had been built from old ships and reclaimed wood .'
 tycoon was sent image of fred and rose west by philip bradbury .
pair were convicted of multiple murders between 1960s and 1980s .
there was speculation that the atacama humanoid , nicknamed ata , was either an aborted fetus , a monkey or even an alien .
frein killed cpl byron dixon and critically wounded trooper alex douglass .
 rebecca hatcher , 32 , was accused of killing her father-in-law .
taken to task by award-winning actress emma thompson over climate change .
allegedly man claimed numerous times he had ` bombs ' on board .
thin , transparent material has widespread possibilities , scientists say .'
i 'd have to take a number and wait my turn , ' said frequent fox news guest brad thor .
evan buetow and former army sgt.
andre johnson , 25 , allegedly stormed abc 's times square , new york city set about 8am tuesday threatening to kill strahan .
king and eliza manningham-buller were invested into oldest british order of chivalry .
images show the germs on his hands after performing these activities .
ashoka 's mother married the tibetan buddhist lama when she was just 16 .
married her wife more than six years ago , before mccallum 's transition .
 illinois , connecticut , maryland and rhode island have the highest percentage of residents who say they would move if they could .
she told walters she does not believe donald sterling is a racist .
prove that greenland 's glaciers melted faster in 30s than they did today .
brief cooling period mid-century re-froze ice .
the money was then discovered in the footwell of a car during a drugs raid .
the four-year old dachshund was kitted out with custom-made ` doggles ' .
oj tapped convict willie ` smoke '' hartwell to be his bodyguard .
 the republican national committee is trolling hillary clinton with a giant hrc squirrel .
before his execution he read a statement in which he criticized the death penalty .
 officials in pikeville , tennessee have voted unanimously for an ordinance banning saggy pants .
 american artist morgan davidson , 21 , sketches with coloured pencils .
 in scooby-doo !
loved by rihanna , rita ora and miranda kerr .'
in an unpublished interview she said doctors had warned her about diet .
 more than 4,000 pages of scientist 's works uploaded .
 norwegian sensation took up chess at the age of five and became world number one by the time he was 19 .
i got you .
 jody westby stopped washington police detaining disabled black man .
tippi was born in namibia but travelled extensively with her photographer parents .'
the video appears to show youngster with his hands tied behind his back .
 the accessory , dubbed case n , can be fitted to any smartphone .
` he had to know he was misleading the audience , ' he said of obama 's infamous ` if you like your health care plan ' deception .
 the bring in your parents day is scheduled for thursday 7 november .
badger culling is done to stop the spread of tuberculosis among cattle .
claims made in a document by canadian counterterrorism agencies .
italian-born joe will not find out if he will be deported until after he serves time , and the judge urged him to participate in an alcohol program .
 find comes a year after skull was unearthed at the same site .
the migrants were later taken on back of a dump truck to a holding camp .
his dead grandfather asked him to wed from beyond the grave .
he was pictured with queen hours earlier at a palace garden party .
his daughters have defended their father , saying he is not dangerous .
 passengers were told just before landing that they plane was carrying the body of a fallen soldier .
 the queen and the duke of edinburgh led the royal contingent at epsom derby .
mr duncan , a 42-year-old liberian , died earlier this month from the virus .
 dr nancy snyderman acknowledged ` members of our group ' violated the self-quarantine agreement .
 president removed his jacket and mopped his brow as he battled the 86f heat at the brandenburg gate .
 activist blanca hernandez , of washington d.c. , called the president out on his lack of action on deportation .
girl 's mother said they tried to assess whether her child was depressed .
queen was wearing a rose-coloured silk and wool dress and coat by karl ludwig , with a matching angela kelly hat .'
they were swapped for army sgt.
he has known links to extremists and trained 7/7 leader .
ad-deen primary has claimed government nursery education grants .'
accident took place in quingdao in eastern china 's shandong province .
 florida police hunt for attackers and victim in horrific attack at burger king in pembroke pines .
nearly two-thirds , 65 per cent , support bombing isis positions inside syria .
 conference on ` women in society ' held at saudi arabian university .
he pounced on the pensioner as she washed her hands and dragged her into a cubicle .
he was dumped at stafford services on m6 after arriving in country on lorry .
` what we have in iraq now ... is an immediate threat , ' the ambassador warned .
has had around 75 backstreet operations .
mr taiga has ended both marriages and has now married for a third time .
prince phillip has been recovering from an operation on his abdomen .
all three suspects were arrested on suspicion of aggravated assault .
` it 's something she never low-balled with the american people , never tried to pretend it did n't happen . '
 congress has discussed the search for extraterrestrial intelligence -lrb- seti -rrb- .
he got on the bus to hospital after he was told ambulance was not needed .
claimed # 64.30 a week in jobseekers ' allowance while operating vat scam .
 the petersons from utah named 2013 ` best family halloween costume ' .
 fu xuepeng was 25 when he was in a motorbike accident .
lee told her the truck had left the scene , and gave its registration number .
campaign has also spread to twitter with the hashtag #findlee .'
 ` how to ' series of cards produced by ogdens and gallaher 's in the 1910s .
she missed out on a job because her hijab violated the company 's ` look policy ' .
 apple previously rejected or removed apps that accepted virtual currency .
his wife , magda behrend rietschel , later divorced him and married joseph goebbels , with whom she died in hitler 's bunker in 1945 .
 the obamas attended mass at st. john 's episcopal church in washington , d.c today .
the spectacular run happens during the fish 's annual migration to the warmer waters of the indian ocean .
people of many faiths have rallied round to clean up the site .'
 the poll was conducted online by uswitch.com in july 2014 .
the mercedes , nicknamed otto , has seen more countries than any other car .
they 'd applied to enrol in a masters course in computer science .
they include pripyat in ukraine , near chernobyl , and a mining town in namibia .
 a study of 200,000 cruise enthusiasts found sex at sea to be on the rise .
room is piled high with magical memorabilia , including wands and brooms .
 the queen appeared delighted when she was reunited with cruachan vi .
college football star could become the first openly homosexual .
the seals swept through ship arresting rebels .
tragedy happened at 11am local time close to the pakistan border .
 kim pham was left brain dead following the attack in santa ana , california , on saturday .
people in the south fake more often than their northern counterparts .
laura sneddon , a comics expert , ` disappointed ' by marvel decision .
built-in sensors can collect intelligence and survey the surrounding areas .'
 president hernandez blames u.s. , mexico and colombia for fighting drug operations that pushed the traffickers into honduras , guatemala and el salvador .
 mother-of-two sarah hagan is suing city hospitals sunderland .
 ` frankenstein ' germ spliced with gene from 500-million-year-old bacteria .
has now been charged with a further assault made while in youth facility .'
 the queen arrived at church to be greeted by cheering well-wishers .
all four people in the sedan were killed on impact .
 michael hunt wore the hood during a protest in 2011 .
experts say his behaviour suggests he 's a ` sex addict '
all the men who appeared in it were arrested for the crime of ` debauchery ' .
thought they were being given an opportunity to defend their team 's name .
 john ruddy wanted by arsenal , norwich looking for # 6m .
they were touched by the story of five-year-old jeffrey baldwin .
 mary ` pink ' mullaney died on september 1 at the age of 85 .
 whistle-blower pauline dewenter , an appointment scheduler at the phoenix va , said that dead veterans ' records had been changed by someone else to make it seem they were alive at least seven times .
the injury was spotted as he walked to church near his sandringham home .
when vanzant asks williams about a possible vasectomy , he replies ' i do n't have a problem with what i 've created ' .
vanzant puts the dolls in his arms and says ' i do n't get not to take care of my children '
discovered her daughter passed away in a hit-and-run on saturday .
koran was desecrated day before the attack and mob blamed the couple .
 footage of zimmerman wandering around police department in months before the shooting show ` how comfortable he was with the department '
and ` tribunal ' .
talks between arsenal and sporting lisbon broke down in the autumn .
nearly 35,000 of the 270,000 registered doctors trained in india or pakistan .
the number of women having donor insemination also increased .'
mother tried calling 37 times when man attempted to force his way in .
 lyn rigby wept when she heard the news of james foley 's murder .
they refused to let a gay couple stay in the same room due to their beliefs .
 former bbc dj said he was aware of claims in the eighties .
he researched homosexuality in catholicism for a channel 4 documentary .
owners may have to undergo additional screening at security checkpoints .
 his agent said hoskins , 69 , was given the diagnosis in the autumn and planned to spend time with his family .
our galaxy .
meanwhile c4 is blasted for advert over lord of the rings ending last night .'
rapist must have regular meetings with offender manager in the uk .
is accused of stalking and harassing ex-lover willem buiter .
ali has n't been charged or punished but told not to wear bands on the pitch .
hazard has scored 13 goals in 37 appearances for the blues this season .
altman fled with daughter to california and accused scollar of child abuse .
it was custom-built for game hunting , including tigers .
memorable characters tinky winky , dipsy , laa laa and po all to return .
offered to make a donation to the holocaust educational trust , which was rebuffed .
the tussle can last up to an hour and is often mistaken for mating .
 the new bomb was discovered by a double agent .
eimers ' body was nearly cremated before autopsy in violation of state law .
 karlton burton , now 15 , plunged a knife into the chest of rashid naeem , 29 .
 kailey oliver-machado , now 18 , ran ` well-organized ' system in ottawa .
julie phillips , 50 , and gemma parking , 18 , found guilty of offence at trial .
mason sobbed today as he was jailed for 15 months for the crime .'
manuel pellegrini said the squad size makes it difficult to sign new players .'
housewife 's fantasy has echoes of jonny wilkinson and gavin henson .
health authorities have now confirmed the patient had tested negative .
they have raised concerns about both the environmental and cultural impact .
this includes the potential impact on elves along the route .
up to 300 people in one sunni tribe have been brutally killed by isis .'
he has used celebrities as his muses , with russell brand as jesus and wayne rooney as francis of assisi .  '
he spent thousands on private jets , hookers and gambling .
 tom ince has agreed a contract with hull city after turning down the chance to move to inter milan .
she claims godbee , who is married but reported to have filed for divorce , is a ` sex addict ' .
plane was empty of passengers and was on routine maintenance check .'
the coils can then be buried in the ground and leave no toxic residue .
photos posted using twitter 's service were most likely to be retweeted .
 lewis hamilton is testing in barcelona ahead of the formula one season .
 ant and dec , newcastle fans , presented the brit awards at the o2 arena .
 the move had been in doubt after bilbao rejected a bid from united .
 adrian has excelled since breaking into the west ham first team .
the victims aged 59 to 61 had just left eleven eleven restaurant at 11pm .
 george dyczynski and his wife angela have visited the ukrainian crash site .
 the annual hunting season traditionally begins on november 1 .
it shows an iphone behind glass playing a video of wiggling worms .
locals .'
they also created religious works such as the \xc3\x96verhogdal tapestries .
the auckland castle trust has bought the fort for # 2 million .
helped from court by trainer and reportedly taken to hospital as precaution .
they splash out # 77 per outfit .
cameron says he wants to ` sue ' pollsters who gave him ` stomach ulcers ' .
 dorothy sims , now 77 , was 70 when she married second husband rafaa .
 more than 9.4 m would like to dine al fresco with royal couple .
only one in 100 wish to picnic with simon cowell .
survey by heathrow to announce takeaway picnics for passengers .'
 renowned knightsbridge hotel , jumeirah carlton tower , offering classes .
woman ` shot in shoulder and sexually assaulted in front of young hostages ' .
to find it , he says , all you have to do is walk away from the city centre .
has now spoken more about the fracas , and posted jobhunt video online .'
 arizona cardinals running back jonathan dwyer was arrested last wednesday on aggravated assault charges in connection with two altercations in july .
in 2009 , he ` admitted slapping her during an argument about another woman ' , police records show - but the charges were dropped .
 iselin rose borch , 15 , survived the attack by hiding behind a rock before being rescued by tourists in a boat .
kazakh oil and gas boss kairat boranbayev was celebrating his birthday .
women who are size 12-16 get charged an extra # 5 for leg waxing .
than $ 165,000 in food stamps .
atlassian , known for its quirky management-style , was valued at about $ 3.3 billion this year .
it is the successor to the taiwanese firm 's award-winning htc one handset .
the new device has a 5-inch , full hd screen and 5mp front-facing camera .
the book is currently untitled and has no release date , crown publishers said on tuesday .
the easylock weighs less than an iphone and fits any door in the world .
 finland 's largest airline is using the biofuel to power an airbus a330 .
flew with virgin atlanic to orlando in florida and visited disney world .
advised to call in pest control experts for ` fly infestation ' and told to buy a new vacuum-packing machine .
then uploads the often hilarious image to his tumblr blog tim 's faces .
dubai is the most expensive when 10 common items ' prices are compared .
 victoria poskitt , 40 , was taken ill on a crowded train from surbiton , london .
is driving itself in autonomous mode .
the male agent had previously sent her shirtless photos of himself .
the land was purchased by the late saul nulman in 1993 and is dedicated to his mother .
 a fifth do n't even know what ` bonjour ' means .
traditional back to front method was the slowest at more than 24 minutes .
nebraska , kansas , maine and vermont had the lowest heels .'
but doctors found a second tumour in her left breast .
recently linked to coldplay frontman chris martin .'
pictures showed consultant snorting cocaine an hour before going ` on call ' .
 raju was held in chains for more than 50 years after being poached in india .
he then attended a series of democratic party fundraisers hosted by wealthy donors , including billionaire richman .
 ford , 45 , is being treated for a malignant liposarcoma in his abdomen .
on display at .
 gilberto valle smiled at his family and hugged his lawyers .
 arsenal beat manchester city 3-0 in the community shield at wembley .
girl ` is youngest in china to get lung cancer ' after living near a busy road .
in april the limited edition offering will go on sale in france .'
she calls on south carolinians to vote for newt gingrich .
it depicts a village in the foreground in front of an erupting volcano .
 wayne rooney went on a dinner date with his wife coleen on thursday .
rooney has only scored once in 10 matches for manchester united in 2015 .
29-year-old started up front as united lost 2-1 at swansea on february 21 .
blackett has made 10 appearances for red devils this season .
 shopper raquel burchell spotted a magpie sitting on a meat aisle in tesco .
ms burchell took photos as the bird appeared to eat pre-packaged mince .
 the mother-of-two was given a suspended 18-week sentence at teesside magistrates ' court .
they tranquilised the animal and heaved it to safety using length of rope .
the painting was so life-like the swedish authorities mistook it for a photo .'
the scot takes on omar figueroa , the former wbc lightweight champion .
elsewhere , dan evans is making his comeback this week after a lengthy lay off with knee problems .'
the winger , his wife and daughter have moved into a manchester hotel .
treasury department says it was ` excellent value for money ' .
 google 's x lab is developing a pill to test for anver and other diseases .
 artifacts from king herod 's palace go on display in israel .
teen then allegedly confronted him in hallway at bartram high school .
they were all taken to royal perth hospital for treatment .
 shelley mann claims she and her daughters will soon be homeless .
but she now owes # 50,000 in rent arrears and faces being evicted .
91 new corals were found out of the 279 species in the region .
timmy ` is like any other boy ' - even playing computer games with his feet .
 employers now looking out for mevies - videos submitted by candidates .
 the biannual whitby goth weekend attracts people from all over uk .
he may now face charges in both states of pennsylvania and ohio .'
he was the longest-serving house republican until losing his seat in 2004 .
she sliced across each heel of her four-month-old boy with a razor blade .
lawyer nicholas stewart said the landmark ruling had implications for both gay and straight relationships .
 john guandolo claims john brennan converted while in saudi arabia .
driver only stopped when he was intercepted by police near brighton .
williams had been released from prison just two weeks before attack .
its original red leather binding survives today .
 victim 's family watches as body of mother is carried from her home in liberia .
 reece jones , 23 , and sean sparkes , 32 , have been jailed for 13 years .
 embarrassing blunder happened at birmingham 's winson green jail in 2011 .
he drank beer and vodka and chatted to guests for four hours .
but at same time , he positioned his foot over victim 's phone on platform .
 kabir ahmed was interviewed for newsbeat programme in syria in june .
post has been taken down by the mosque and condemned by muslim leaders .
william mcmurdo , 65 , had been wearing his hero father 's medals for the day .
snowstorms hit monday in minnesota , dakotas and wisconsin .
` safety is the most important thing , ' club president says .
walked with their mother , mimi o'donnell through the west village .
says proponents have mis-sold cbt to the government and policymakers .
this means the number of likes , friends and comments do n't appear .
police search involved 17 officers and force helicopter , and cost # 8,000 .
kenny chaney , 66 , and two other men helped to dig the girls out .
 ornithologists in the us say hummingbirds can live longer than 10 years .
he claims he had no knowledge about construction of pool , clinic and others .
he described the moment he had his first vegan customer on sunday .
 the one-year-old king charles spaniel 's was negative for ebola but he will be tested again before his 21-day quarantine period ends on november 1 .
memo posted at pharmacy department said they must all go on the pill .
members were armed with knives and only had two-man motorised rafts .
a 47-year-old from stroud was arrested in southsea , hampshire .
flurry of bets led bookmakers to change his odds from 40-1 to 5-6 .
she insulted his clothing before hitting him on back of head with her shoes .
the known sex offender revealed by the family is not being named .
 ari liggett , 25 , of centennial , colorado , has been found guilty of the first-degree murder of 56-year-old beverly liggett in october 2012 .
the 41-year-old was surprised to find the pig 's brandishing on scratching .
scientists believe lovastatin could help children overcome the condition .'
video slammed by road safety campaigners and is being examined by police .
 southwest airlines jet returned to austin , texas , after emergency declared .
plane came to halt on tarmac after hot spot was detected on wing .
cabers will be used as part of a guinness world record attempt .'
1 in 5 people given redundancy payments are now back in the nhs .
new iphone was only released friday and has sold more than 10 million .'
 australian psychic sharina star reveals how to spot a fake psychic .
the test occurred before obama arrived in beijing in order to attend the asia-pacific economic cooperation summit .
kevin lewis , 20 , was run over and wound up underneath the car .
porter would then be a ` poster boy ' for the bid to end capital punishment .
seven-year-old girl found inside his trailer after duston struggled with cops .
plastic surgeon dr franklin rose said hers was the largest chest he 'd seen .
cash was spent by british diplomatic bases in brazil , mexico , bangladesh , turkey and holland on parties resembling those in ferrero rocher adverts .
spanish nurse said the dog 's death was the worst part of her ordeal .
he says the accusations are based on a ` joke ' facebook message .
he was sentenced to 15 months ' home detention last month .
jamie had to move slowly and cautiously : he had to make it seem like her idea so britney would n't rebel .
the chain 's logo and employee uniforms will be also tweaked .
same village where a pair were caught having sex in public in june .'
 landscape photographer of the year awards gave top honours to a dramatic picture of a glencoe stream .
sunset picture over the heather-strewn north york moors awarded as most likely to encourage people to visit .
representatives from wolfsburg are in london to discuss a deal .
part of an ongoing lawsuit over whether trump defrauded 5,000 students .
 valencia beat league leaders real madrid 2-1 in la liga on sunday evening .
alvaro negredo is on loan at valencia from manchester city .'
a reported 79 injured after bomb went off during morning assembly .
 the vintage sports-car club have held the lakeland trial since 1968 .
 hannah jones , 21 , found out she had a 4cm tumour growing in her brain .
after two operations to remove it , doctors said she would need a third .
she suffered a stroke and could n't walk or talk when she woke up .
del bosque later said he ` did n't know ' it was villa 's last game .
 the barbus maxi is a converted ikarus 280 that used to be public transport .
the money was laundered through accounts held in the uk and overseas .
hospital has ordered a review and said : ` mrs keh 's was a very sad case '
kelly encouraged alice to live out her fantasies in cosplay photo shoots .
the programme was pulled at the last minute over a legal issue .
a man was reversing it for her after fly-tippers blocked road with rubbish .
panel told him : ` you exploited that position of trust for your own purposes '
on unrelated charges was indicted for murder in the deaths of miller and .
duke of cambridge came in second and the queen third .
critics say the poster reminds them of the ` falling man ' image from the september 11 2001 attacks .
toronto president leiweke says defoe has not adapted well .
they served in ravensbrueck , auschwitz and majdanek death camps .'
 gold facial is uk 's most expensive .
uk is ranked 13th , with average briton travelling 3 times per year .'
helt has been wanted for probation violation for three years .'
their mother giovanna watched as they splashed around in the pool .
he admitted the comments he made to german choir were ` inappropriate ' .
public-address announcers and chanted by their fans several times during .
 tribunal cases have halved since charges were introduced in the summer .
archbishop of canterbury 's xi and vatican xi * teams will play this month .
she has immune system disorder which means her body attacks her organs .'
military records show he was a ` food service specialist ' and marines have said they have no records of him being deployed overseas .
 files compiled by kgb major vasili mitrokhin , who moved to uk in 1992 .
 louis van gaal wanted to sign wesley sneijder in the summer .
the dutch midfielder rejected manchester united 's advances .
 $ 5 million stradivarius found inside suitcase in an attic .
meanwhile italian journalist simone camilli is killed alongside his translator .
rapid moved to the 18,500-capacity ground in 1977 .'
the dutchman has similar demeanour to sir alex ferguson .'
 95 % of eggs laid by the gm mosquitoes hatch into male offspring .
 kim mills , 32 , says her enormous breasts are ruining her life and her health .
she also suffered severe endometriosis and had to have surgery to treat it .
then , his wife - carol - played him a recording of his choir singing .
wales is currently considering banning smoking e-cigarettes inside .'
the 3,000 km journey took him 28 days to complete .
this means it can harm their language development , warn u.s. research .'
in europe suicide rates rose by 6.5 % , in the u.s. they rose by 4.5 % .'
his girlfriend , zoe sugg , just unveiled beauty range .
 max kellerman has been suspended from his espn positions .
 man , 56 , allegedly attacked with chemical liquid outside flats in essex .
now police have released distinctive e-fit of suspect .
 killer of honeymoon bride anni dewani is to be released in a ` mercy ' move .
his father , ilkay husseyin , 46 , offered to give him one of his kidneys .
during surgery to remove them , surgeons found a healthy baby boy .
 airbnb are running a competition to stay at store in australia .
bedroom display accommodation will cost just au$ 11 -lrb- # 6.20 -rrb- per night .
the 13-year-old was playing with friends when it fell from a block of flats .
fifa have the power to ban suarez for up to two years .'
surveillance footage caught him dragging her body from an elevator .
 man , 56 , allegedly attacked with chemical liquid outside flats in essex .
when police arrived they found they were wanted on harassment charge .
just be ugly ! '
it has received a mixed response from social media users .
six months ago he was arrested as he attempted to scale frame of new apartments in vauxhall , south london .
 the spin bowler urinated over nightclub bouncers after being ejected .
 lallana trains alone as he attempts to get recover to full fitness .
wore # 42 asos dress teamed with # 196 emilia wickstead belt .
papiss cisse found the equaliser for newcastle just before half-time .
southeastern passengers slam the rail provider for overcrowding .
radio 2 presenter tweeted cctv pictures and brothers were soon caught .
women .'
 children from low income homes will be allowed to jump the queue for places .
 ` extrusion/revolution generator ' lets people design sex toys from scratch .
 manchester united are not confident of signing cristiano ronaldo .
all scots will be able to get a scottish passport but will not be forced .
has been battling jihadists since he was a teenager on military service .
 de cesaris raced 208 times in a 14-year career between 1980 and 1994 .
chelsea take on arsenal at stamford bridge on sunday .
emirates spokesman denies their flight was ever ` in jeopardy '
threatened to go public with rape claims unless he revoked star 's contract .
dr luke has counter-sued accusing her of ` lying to get out of her contract '
he plummeted to the third floor where he hit an air vent and chimney .
dereck chisora says simply ' i will knock him out ' .
mcginley had a fish tank put in team room with blue and gold fish .
 scientists have discovered a cave-dwelling insect that has roles reversed .
the female insects sport a ` penis ' while the males have a ` vagina ' .
fbi investigation into broadwell revealed alleged affair between them .
atletico madrid striker injured in champions league defeat to olympiacos .
 mario balotelli joined liverpool in the summer .
 portugal to play argentina in a friendly at old trafford .
 peter crouch is well-known for his robot celebration after scoring for england against jamaica in 2006 .
 tony blair is said to have made millions advising nursultan nazarbayev .
the move has been labelled as ` shameless ' by human rights watch .
he told london press club ball journalists were being ` crushed ' by the law .
29-year-old has been plagued with tendonitis in his left knee .
the two-time bulgarian maxim cover model was also featured in esquire .'
roma beat parma 2-1 to keep 100 per cent serie a record .
 george the dog jumps up and down whenever the nfl is on tv .
the nfl season returned with the packers vs seahawks on september 5 .'
in the game 's career mode suarez is serving his real-life ban until october .
her husband , nation hahn , has been treated for his injuries and released .
brook says he was stabbed in an ` unprovoked attack ' in tenerife .
barcelona set to face manchester city in champions league last-16 .
cristiano ronaldo scored his 22nd league hat-trick .
di maria scored a sensational chip against leicester .
 brian clough died of stomach cancer 10 years ago this week .
di maria revealed he is happy with his start at manchester united .
simeone 's atletico madrid beat rivals real 4-0 on saturday .
the 23-year-old also has 23 assists in just over two seasons for the blues .
he now plays for leicester city on loan from manchester united .'
he reportedly drove 84mph in a 45mph zone when police pulled him over .
will remain taliban members but are now isis ' representatives in pakistan .
meeting followed saturday 's 4-0 derby defeat by atletico madrid .
 lionel messi scored his fifth hat trick in la liga this campaign .
lampard agrees to pose for selfie with the cheeky fan .
the italian will be hoping to score his first league goal against the toffees .'
sickening game sees snipers awarded with cigarettes if they hit ` targets ' .
luiz scooped up the foam and moved it when the referee was n't looking .
her husband , nation hahn , has been treated for his injuries and released .
material could offer clues about how planets and solar systems form .
 floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao are close to agreeing their fight .
but amir khan fears the fight could actually be boring .
now , lutnick has made donation of $ 25million to prestigious college .
results .
andoni zubizarreta and carles puyol left the catalan giants on monday .
cardiff and orient were involved in a legal dispute over slade becoming the welsh club 's manager .
bag found during search contained shoes she was wearing on day of disappearance .
americans will not go to prison as they have already left the country .
won six paralympic gold medals and competed at london 2012 olympics .
pietersen denies sending messages to south african friends about andrew strauss during textgate scandal .
 luis nani spotted parking in disabled bay in wilmslow , cheshire .
 chat show queen claimed earlier this month that the ipad rival was one of her favourite things .
was repatriated last month by the raf to receive treatment for the virus .
 scotland host new zealand in their autumn international test at murrayfield .
 ruptured water main on w. 164th st. in washington heights , new york caused sinkhole .
bus carrying nine students and four aides trapped about 8am .
 tim cahill visited one direction before their show in sydney on sunday .
the english fa face old foe worawi makudi at the international summit .'
dusan tadic came on to score the winner with his third goal of the season .
 newcastle united spoke to remi garde over the weekend .
last year the figure for malnutrition cases was 5,499 - almost double .
his side beat everton 2-1 on sunday but they owed much to david de gea .
but nearly 200 operations are pushed back due to air-conditioning problems .
 harry redknapp resigned as qpr manager on tuesday .
 ea sport crunch the numbers to reveal player performance index chart .
 douglas carswell resigned from the conservative party and parliament .
now they 're going to benidorm , spain , for their first ever overseas holiday .
 nearly 724,000 babies born in england and wales last year .
petrov plays for wychall wanderers in the central wawrickshire league .
chairman said bizarre requests diverting resources from vital services .'
the newly employed barista is grateful for all the ` beautiful support '
peaceful protest for kimani gray turned chaotic tonight as 100 people rioted and threw bottles at officers .'
saul niguez scored shortly after to double atletico madrid 's lead .
 arsenal have recently been linked with a move for moussa sissoko .
 danuta cross of east yorkshire pleaded guilty to harassing her neighbours .
hoffman came from three shots back at the start of the round .
 people migrated between 11,000 years ago and start of roman empire .
she tweeted she does n't plan to give a ` running commentary ' on her new life .
scores of luxury flats and family homes available in london for mps .
 southampton moved to third after a 1-0 victory over manchester united .
character 's last appearance will be on the season premiere in september .
several competitors in cross country skiing compete topless .
peterborough beaten 2-0 at home to colchester in league one .
his debut ended in a 5-1 defeat to chennaiyin fc in the isl .
emotional event saw dawn manage to walk unaided down the aisle .
first minister says he will go to ryder cup , which starts on september 23 .
 thousands of women are posting hairy leg pictures on social media sites .
the sex expert does n't believe that we ca n't help who we fall in love with .
group of eight tried to take over horsdean recreation ground , brighton .
ambition for players and management could be eroded as a result .
inter milan have agreed terms with bayern munich for xherdan shaqiri .'
samuel eto'o could be set for a return to italy with serie a side sampdoria .
fully 48 per cent want the affordable care act repealed .
but video shows he has been practicing the technique during training .
 last week , bradley manning revealed she wishes to live as a woman named chelsea .
jones , the light-heavyweight champion and the promotion 's pound-for-pound no 1 fighter , will face anthony johnson in las vegas .
 jim masters was leading expedition in africa when outbreak occurred in 1976 .
 missouri mother bradie simpson ` assaulted baby ' .
taken out of context , colbert appeared to make fun of asian people .
outrage followed with calls on twitter for show to be cancelled .
leading geneticists claim he has ` misappropriated ' research from their field .
 katie mulrennan was told by an agency that the school would not accept her .
31 crashes and 13 deaths have been attributed to several recalled gm vehicles , including the chevy cobalt and the saturn ions .
findings announced after silva 's win over nick diaz at ufc 183 .
 sadi , an the evil-looking doll , has a strange hold on fee welch 's family .
 adrionna harris of virginia beach says she saw a boy harming himself , so she took away the blade and threw it away last week .
he lives at the royal elephant kraal & villiage in thailand .
harry redknapp 's side suffer 10th successive away premier league loss .
 richest 10 per cent now control 54.1 per cent of britain 's wealth .
richard iii may have had a view of it becoming his mausoleum .
 gillard has been criticised for photoshoot for australian women 's weekly .
the murphys ' story inspired the new fx drama the americans , which follows the lives of moscow operatives philip and elizabeth jennings .
 automated message promises credit of $ 999 towards flights or a holiday .
 steve mcmanaman and owen hargreaves both won champions league with foreign clubs .
they had been to the south african landmark together five times .'
boxing legend , 70 , given medal for role as civil rights and religious freedom fighter .
itv spokesman says gaga is known for her ` individual performance style '
 gary pattison attempted to smuggle in 84kg of cocaine in lorry .
shot neighbour in leg before being surrounded and gunned down by police .'
 magistrate yvonne davies 's brother died from cannabis addiction in 1984 .
he lives with anna and lucy decinque who share a home with their mother .
the regime has reportedly used air power against its people for the first time .'
 nasa has installed four external cameras on the international space station .
man united may let anders lindegaard return to scandinavia .
sparked three-year manhunt during which louise died of an illness .
sophie , now 18 , said she can ` finally rest ' after the ten-year ordeal .
all seven men sought by police have now been identified and will be interviewed in due course .'
fired a bullet that narrowly missed the 70-year-old 's head .
would-be assassin fled after mr hedegaard punched him in the face .
 45 per cent of british parents give their children ` bonus birthdays ' .
pm promises to deliver ` tough budget ' on friday .
she gave birth to her son freddie against the odds last september .
 louis van gaal takes charge of man united after the world cup .
 mauro zarate has moved on loan to queens park rangers .
brown was shot dead by a police officer on saturday .
matthew was on his way home from maternity hospital when he died .'
ufo research queensland say sightings are on the rise on the gold coast .'
threw another explosive at police but it bounced off tree and hit his legs .
it is a rendering of a well-known pencil sketch , which hangs in the louvre .
by t.i.
ms borch said she posted the pictures to show she ` does not care '
 breivik may have taken part in newcastle far-right rally in may 2010 .
 people in the northeast have the most sex , but the lowest sex drives .
texan men are happiest with the size of their package , but southwestern women are the least satisfied in bed .'
officers swooped on the teacher 's home and found more than 200 images .
he was told he had just eight weeks to live as surgery was too risky .
more ships and aircraft to visit - but no new barracks built .
suarez 's four-month ban from football-related activity ends on october 25 .
madrid derby between real and atletico on september 14 and february 8 .
his # 900,000 estate will go to his daughter ayesha from his first marriage .
parents amanda and chad conceived the triplets without fertility treatment .
` megaship ' carries over 6,000 passengers and weighs 225,300 tonnes .
president and wife lyudmila reveal split in interview after night at the ballet .
 the television commercial was filmed in just nine one-minute jumps .
uk airprox board incident report concluded there was ` high risk of collision '
paramedics were unable to save him after the suspected heart attack .'
 police are still looking for heather elvis , 20 .
 make-up artist valeriya kutsan used famous artwork and cartoons as inspiration .
she was born three months prematurely with underdeveloped lungs .
president obama is said to be concerned hillary clinton might undo some of his policies .
couple , who have daughters malia and sasha , wed on october 3 , 1992 .
tofu available in nyc and boston on march 3 before being rolled out across the country .'
one of the shooting victims ' relatives said it should be ` burned down ' .
 long travelled to the siberian village of tem to meet her biological family for the first time .
 man uploads picture to reddit forum , attracting thousands of questions and comments .
the actress made the comments at a tech conference on tuesday .
 doug gregory insists he will stop aerobatic tricks but continue to fly .
the 58-year-old broke his neck on the ride and has been left paralysed .
 mobile homes in porthkerry leisure park are dangling above a 200ft drop .
his right-hand man , andy woodman , is not expected to follow immediately .
five of the top 10 most successful managers in england are scottish .
 aljaz bedene is hoping to represent great britain later this year .
the president has .
pamphlet is distributed to arab tourists in popular area zell am see .
the brazil under 20 forward scored a hat-trick for benfica on friday .
the shell and interior of the vehicle are 3d printed and it has a hybrid engine using ethanol and an electric motor .'
schreibvogel says the tiger will not be put down as it was ` not the tiger 's fault ' .
 baby is due in july but kei yamamoto may have to leave uk in june .
flight and destination details are shown on the tag 's screen .
 goodes says he will continue to combat racist attacks .
the australia zoo employee is an experienced big cat handler .
alleged that she had secretly delivered a mobile and number to sons .
 the prince of wales toured the lee tunnel , london 's deepest sewer .
these types of offences are usually committed by nigerian scammers .
22-year-old local braydon adams has been charged with gbh .
he was serving a 15-year sentence for alleged anti-government activities and was detained in 2012 while leading a tour group to an economic zone .
they passed away on tuesday after surprising doctors for 19 days .
 melissa goduti , 28 , was celebrating birthday with her mother maria , 55 .
 incident occurred saturday at the ritz plaza on west 48th street .
 jamie neal , 27 , and her boyfriend 25-year-old garrett hand , from san francisco , last seen getting into a cab in lima on january 26 .
the couple had been regularly updating family with pictures on facebook but have not posted for four weeks .
lin was zhuang 's daughter-in-law and the two were feuding for some time .
about 40 members of ` colt ' family discovered living in nsw scrubland in 2012 .
the heroic bali bombing survivor struggled emotionally since the attack .
 robert petzel , the va undersecretary for health , quit abruptly on friday , just a day after testifying before a senate committee .
 the navy will get rid of the ` elephant cage ' at silver strand training complex in colorado officially called the wullenweber antenna array .
lizzy follows in the footsteps of naomi campbell and helena christensen as the new face of austrian brand skiny .
 genean hixon , born in march 1931 , was one of the first american civilians to be treated with penicillin .
forestry corporation of nsw are burying wombats to death during logging .
over 150 burrows were marked but was ignored competely by contractors .
report suggests doctor handed over names of two suspects .
 victims were members of kurdistan workers ' party -lrb- pkk -rrb- .
there have been calls to drop lions veteran mike phillips .
ospreys half-back rhys webb is next in line for to start .
he joins other americans , including jordan matson , 28 , who the ypg confirmed was fighting in jazaa .
 ` dotter of her father 's eyes ' by mary and bryan talbot tells the story of james joyce 's daughter , lucia .
models are painted in front of guggenheim museum , brooklyn bridge and the towering grey manhattan skyline .
he said the new television deal ` wo n't concern me ' .
the fire resulted in the deaths of 14 elderly people .
greville janner was a leicestershire labour mp from 1970 to 1997 .'
 mabel pantaleon starred in tv shows dexter and mystery er .
 bunker at raf uxbridge was base of no 11 group who fought off two thirds of nazi aircraft during three-month long battle .
 prosecutors want schettino handed 15 years for multiple manslaughter .
 student tayla mae woodard died after taking ecstasy with her boyfriend .
up to 70mph gusts will hit the west coast from this afternoon .
former superintendent roger marshall wished he had delayed kick-off .
substitute billy daniels had to be recalled to the bench .
 jean-claude juncker : ` ww1 demons are not banished ' .
 body frock 's ss14 range take note from the catwalk trends .
the snp 's election victory in 2011 paved the way for independence vote .
treatment involves laser zapping vein to seal it .
former chelsea striker was arrested in may and charged with possession of cocaine .
 keira knightley , 29 , has battled dyslexia since childhood .
wing used to be a regular at the restaurants until her health declined .
prompted walk out by anti-muslim beitar jerusalem fans .
carter will link up with the parisian club after next year 's world cup .
it will be carter 's second foray into french club rugby .
their ` injectable foam ' can be applied to deep wounds to stem bleeding .
gareth bale and antonio valencia two of the fifth quickest .'
 henry was in attendance for 3-2 victory over tottenham at anfield .
 brendan rodgers met the queen at the diabetes uk 80th year anniversary .
she can consume a bag of family-sized bars in one sitting .
he stored the body parts in bin bags at the former boxer 's bungalow .
users can use the e-cigarette to make and receive calls , and listen to music .
 copa libertadores game between montevideo and zamora finished 3-2 .
 liverpool lost 5-4 on penalties to besiktas in the europa league last 32 .
american defeated the nottingham cobra on points when they met in 2011 .
 cong chu , 31 , dropped his almost new iphone 6 into a collection box .
 simon allen 's skeleton was found behind an armchair .
abraham won the first fight but the scoring was highly questionable .
 southampton won all three premier league games in january .
khan was at fight label 's headquarters in sheffield on thursday to discuss plans for his new shorts .
 doctors claim cancer fighting drug mk-3475 is a ` wonder drug ' .
pacquiao 's trainer freddie roach has identified sparring partners .
he was shot in the arm by officers and then restrained on the running track .
 raheem sterling and christian nanetti were team-mates at qpr in 2010 .
all gained weight after mother samantha was diagnosed with me .
liverpool vice-captain says he would want to beat diego costa in 50/50 .
chris hughton 's side moved to 20th in the championship .
 michael and diane greening visited tokyo , anaheim and orlando in a day .
 manny pacquaio is in the philippines preparing for his may fight .
walcott said he was wary because welshman bale was a prankster .
she is now fighting for .
 travellers voted for the best beaches they had ever visited and brazil 's baia do sancho came out on top .
 deidre clark wrote about her .
the 49-year-old legend was knocked down in the first round .
dani osvaldo , on loan from southampton to inter milan , wished him well .
london fire brigade confirmed the blaze had been dealt with .
italy star scored in the capital one cup defeat of swansea .
they were roundly booed by their own fans at white hart lane .
emmanuel adebayor slammed supporters for not backing the team .
 eden hazard was linked with a move to champions league winners real .
said tesco already print photos so 3d printing is a natural progression .
 woman beaten , stamped on and had hijab virtually torn off her during horrific assault .
temporarily adopt by officer brandon melbar .
luke shaw was voted man of the match by united fans after impressing .
 rafael nadal has been ruled out of the us open through injury .
argentina team-mates reportedly exchanged angry words during world cup .
 howard webb retires after 25 years as a referee .
striker clashed with swansea 's jonjo shelvey during and after the game .
eagles were leaving to prepare for their meeting with manchester united .'
 holloway calls out millwall fans chanting about paedophile .
 the couple 's blue honda sedan with california plates flipped over on its side in bel air friday .
ac milan will sign the goalkeeper after real madrid brought in keylor navas .
the 61-year-old is preparing to undergo a surgical sex change .
 daniel sturridge posted a picture of him on the plane to madrid .
 lukaku has hit back at mourinho for his comments following everton move .
former united player gary neville defended the dutch striker .'
 nico rosberg won the brazilian grand prix ahead of team-mate hamilton .
 jose mourinho says diego costa can barely train with chelsea .
 amir khan to fight devon alexander on december 13 in las vegas .
if he beats alexander , he 'll target manny pacquiao or floyd mayweather .
 body of woman , believed to be simone wood , found off the coast of mexico .
brit couple had been living on their boat in la paz harbour for the last year .
cole claims sven goran eriksson ` let you be yourself ' .
liverpool star has travelled for champions league clash with real madrid .
 arsenal were leading 1-0 with just over 15 minutes remaining at swansea .
 brendan rodgers concedes liverpool are readjusting after the summer .
it happened on the paris to mulhouse tgv service yesterday afternoon .
 manchester united and england star wayne rooney visited his old primary school in liverpool .
rooney is set to win his 100th england cap when they take on slovenia in saturday 's euro 2016 qualifier .
videos received more ` likes ' when the content contained humour .
christoph kramer 's bizarre own goal settled the contest .
gylfi sigurdsson scores stunning goal before bafetimbi gomis wins it .
romani would be the first female serie a referee .'
it is believed to be the uk 's shortest cycle lane and has left riders baffled .
scudamore attended monday night 's clash at selhurst park .
 arsenal lost 2-1 at swansea on sunday and trail chelsea by 12 points .
it seats 2 passengers , one behind the other , and does 0-60 mph in 9.6 s .
 mr hendrik helmer from darwin , australia , woke up with pain in his right ear .
her friend and colleague serena williams greeted her at the finish line .
but sportsmail can reveal anders lindegaard was that player .
real madrid beat barcelona 3-1 at the bernabeu .
flintoff and co take part in a league of their own penalty shootout .
 grayson haver currin , 31 , and wife tina began their protests in march .
kyle eastmond started well but england need a greater tactical kicking game .
 barcelona sit top of la liga with sevilla , one point ahead of real madrid .
mcresource line advises employees to not eat deep fried food .
 construction of the space launch system has already begun .
will be able to carry 130 tonnes into space .
 site in an old industrial part of west zurich was opened last august .
keane detests the modern tradition of player initiations at new clubs .
 san francisco geneticists plan to use a process known as ` de-extinction ' .
 tory mp had 8 people he wanted to expose - but their names are a mystery .
found when owners finally cleared out store room after father died .
 former prime minister paul keating has stuck up first-time buyers .
 gulnaz yalalova , 20 , pictured holding human organs during surgery .
doctors diagnosed mrs indermuhle with multiple sclerosis .
victim clive merrifield was left with a four-inch scar .'
 the budgie , called champ , amazes his owners with balancing trick .
sunnie kahle 's grandparents removed her from the school and have no plans to send her back .
camo patterns have been inspired by nature so wearer disappears into the surroundings .'
she will shortly begin treatment , involving a nose-shaped mould .
she escaped jail but will do 200 hours of community service .
 liverpool were beaten 2-1 at anfield by chelsea on saturday .
 stanislas wawrinka of switzerland beat czech tomas berdych 6-1 , 6-1 to go top of group a .
teens dressed as cool runnings characters to celebrate leavers ' day .
 taco bell 's president brian niccol held a reddit ` ask me anything ' .
baby p was 17-months-old when he was tortured to death in august 2007 .
26-year-old scored twice for algeria at the world cup .'
 arsenal failed in deadline day swoop for virgil van dijk in the summer .
but it is safe to exercise in heels ?
 liverpool host real madrid in the champions league at anfield .
liverpool 's # 20m man dejan lovren continues to flatter to deceive .
mayoral elections are in october , and ford is determined to be re-elected .
 romelu lukaku is training with duncan ferguson three times a week .
lukaku believes ferguson can help improve as a player .
 borussia dortmund are preparing for the loss of marco reus next summer .
bild say that dortmund will target chelsea 's andre schurrle .
sakho has netted six goals in six league starts for the hammers .
andy carroll is also closing in on a return to action after a lengthy lay-off .
the midfielder is to be assessed by spanish doctors on monday .
 bookmakers offering bets on who might win strictly come dancing .
25-year-old expects to be to face crystal palace on november 23 .
the teen reportedly sent barber nude photos .
barber has three children with a fourth on the way .
valdes is a free agent after leaving barcelona in the summer .
 adayja lowery , 16 , says she was followed home by school bullies and attacked after months of torment .
slovenian designer created them using funding from kickstarter .
 star known as hd 140283 has been observed for more than a century .
it formed within the first 600 million years of the big bang .
 yorkshire dales wind turbines to be removed after 20 years .
police have been contacted by neighbours 40 times in a decade .'
germany under 21 international timo horn is one of their targets .
she mowed down four cyclists on a charity bike ride in september 2014 in new hampshire .
 rumours swirl at party conference that scottish leader lamont will quit .
the sport is believed to be planning to force him to sell the clippers .
blues take on stoke at britannia stadium on monday night football .'
anti-capitalists plan to descend on hertfordshire when it starts tomorrow .
one of the thieves was arrested about 20km away from the south-east queensland resort .
 ipsosmori poll has snp on 52 % , labour 23 % , tories 10 % , lib dems 6 % .
would give snp 54 seats at westminster and labour just four .
frontbencher thomas docherty slams ` moribund ' party in a ` dreadful ' state .
 jailed for six years for ` deliberate and calculated ' fraud .
 mr clegg voiced concern over powers used to expose confidential sources .
police can seize phone records without approval by a court of law .
 music mogul , 71 , filed restraining order against 20-year-old in september .
jamie kuntz arrested in october for violating the order and is due in court .
in the video , a further three of the men claim to be british .
the pack of dogs gave up their chase , and the deer managed to escape .'
 building self-sustainable spacecraft is the key to interstellar travel .
the project is part of a study being funded by both nasa and darpa .
 natalie sideserf , 28 , a cake artist , made extravagant cake for her wedding .
on a clear night , it is capable of seeing galaxies , planets and star clusters .
technology could be used to recharge phones without cables or beam electricity to mountaintops .'
 fight broke out at reception for wendy carter and ryan barraclough .
designer says paris is ` dangerous ' and ` polluted ' while london is ` fun ' and ` alive '
prototype works with apple phones , an android version is expected in september .
he allegedly jumped into a dumpster and attacked them with a plank of wood .
 hollie robinson marsh was pictured during diana 's final official engagement .
lionel messi and neymar , among others , have fallen out with luis enrique .
the 49-year-old was a passenger in a range rover when it crashed .
 sergey kirilov , 26 , announced he would commit suicide on a social network .
devis licciardi said to have been spotted by marshals using a whizzinator .
 department for education investigating three birmingham schools .
chinese media are celebrating a budding relationship between the women .
 manchester city facing uefa sanctions for breaching financial fair play rules .
the 32-year-old says she 's managed to save thousands for christmas .
found safe in colorado thursday afternoon .
it was taken two-three kilometres off the coast of nelson bay , north of newcastle .
he was the only witness when his father fell to his death as they took a hiking trip to washington in september 2011 .
lawyers for qatar 's world cup bid team have denied any wrongdoing .
 celtic had lined up a move for ex-arsenal midfielder lassana diarra .
he was close to fighting then world champion alexander 12 months ago .
 carla orlandi and gary erbe had been searching for each other for decades .
 family reunited with abigail on sunday after her unexpected return .
tough and demanding parents can increase the chances of addiction .
mayor is on family vacation to italy to visit towns his ancestors came from .'
entrance into the other three resort parks should increase from $ 94 to $ 99 .
 bank of england admits it has chosen a woman as a ` contingency ' .
sir winston churchill will replace elizabeth fry on # 5 note from 2016 .
 damian mcmanus and evan , 18 , were last heard from on april 2 .
emergency services cut off doors and the roof of the car to get her out safely .
 pregnant 17-year-old alyssa barrett faces murder and burglary charges .
mayor de blasio has promised a full investigation into the incident .
james mccarthy is almost certain to be unavailable for the toffees .
she apologized last night for the offensive instagram caption in a public statement .
batman fanatic dale pipe , 21 , had 10 knives and an axe in the attack .
phone analysis shows they were ` very close ' to the mccann 's apartment .
app locates the loudest part of a song .
passers-by helped to lift the car and pull the injured man out .
 tributes have been paid to richard fellows , 15 , who died while swimming .
she drank poisoned tea at dickey 's barbeque in south jordan , utah .
officers also seized hundreds of indecent images of children from his laptop .
ex-minister urges the corporation to publish plans before the vote .
 whitenothe cottage in dorset has beautiful views across weymouth bay .
chances of finding six double-yolked eggs in one tray could be one-in-a-trillion .'
 joseph jeyapaul accused of sexually assaulting minnesota girl , 14 , in 2004 .
school , rated outstanding by ofsted , said it contravened ` appearance policy ' .
there are not many players who have that , ' said england 's world cup-winning captain .
 marouane fellaini had to call on support of his family last season .
he stole # 45,000 from the deposits of 35 different customers in 18 months .
the bath lock , 27 , posted a photo of his child on twitter .
but plan to free up billions for nhs has already come under fire .
 volgograd will once again be named stalingrad on six military holidays .
has told police he was kidnapped and tortured by russian gangsters .'
bbc cumbria dj had 2 years off after chemotherapy and losing both breasts .
 baljinder kaur gill , 34 , was killed when a van crashed into her vehicle .
she also had few friends at school and was tipped to become a nun .
sheamus is a childhood liverpool fan born in dublin .
 uxbridge cafe 's huge breakfast challenge beaten on itv 's this morning show .
the pair linked arms and laughed as they met at the ceremony .
 census numbers show that racial minorities will make up over half of kids under 5 .
england international has been ` reluctantly ' released by saracens .
31-year-old imports vast quantities of swiss emmental - his favourite variety .
 bastian schweinsteiger puts bayern munich ahead after three minutes .
 police arrested 21-year-old man at the scene of a different burglary .
 kit symons has been fulham manager since september .
his farm is near saffron walden , the heartland of tudor saffron production .
 artist saint hoax created the posters after learning that his friend had been molested by her father at aged seven .
carrigan claimed mrs berlin had asked her to buy incontinence pads .
locals alerted volunteers from animal protection group to the dogs ' plight .
 ea sport crunch the numbers to reveal player performance index chart .
 wayne rooney will win his 100th cap for england when he leads side out against slovenia at wembley on saturday .
zeena al-hilli , four , -- who .
elder sister , zainab , remains in an artificial coma and is seen by police as the key to learning what happened .
 david cameron vows to hunt down terrorists behind mr henning 's killing .
 the sex box show will feature three couples having sex in an opaque box .
these patients are often seen to have bigger eyes and higher noses .
 sky sports will acquire 126 premier league games from 2016 .
umar , who assaulted two constables during the arrest , had overstayed visa .
london is the most expensive city in europe - and costlier than any us city .'
the defendants are accused of murdering 68-year-old alan greaves .
mr greaves , 68 , found beaten up as he went to mass on christmas eve .
inquest revealed she had undiagnosed type 1 diabetes , which killed her .
she became a professional impersonator after entering a tv talent show .'
 manufacturing industry has risen by around 2.8 % a year since 1948 .
paraded bikini body in marrakesh earlier this week .'
 diego costa has been controversial and brilliant in his time at chelsea .
the 42-year-old said a number of friends have died due to similar operations .
 convicted robber arrested for savage beating .
girl ? '
caption on the photo reads ` if it disappears , this is what it looks like ' .
driver crashed his mclaren f1 as he cruised through tuscany on tuesday .
 victim 's boyfriend clayton whittemore arrested for second-degree murder .
 many people worried that technology is getting in the way of sex lives .
hmrc has sent tax demands totalling millions of pounds to the investors .
they had to repeat the nine day journey when the baby was born , carrying him home .
 band face seven years in jail if found guilty of ` hooliganism ' .
police swooped on chemistry lecturer as he tested batch with associates .
 victorian researchers discovered the flesh-eating strain of bacteria .
ground controllers have re-established contact with the foton-m4 satellite .
among the artists to create shunga was japanese master hokusai .
vanessa feltz says she was groped by a famous guest on her chat show .
 matthew beddoes , 32 , targeted un and eu carbon credits to sell on .
beddoes pleaded guilty at kingston crown court to a series of offences .'
he started his criminal career at # 24,000-a-year bradfield college .
her granddaughter found her body tied up in her apartment at 6pm .
 aubrey coy , 34 , of indiana kidnapped her five-year-old daughter during a supervised visit with the girl 's grandmother .
he wanted to arrange a meeting and woo her with mansion in khartoum .
 greg pembroke launched tumblr blog reasons my son is crying .
five household regiments take it in turns to troop their colour each year .
 the leland opened in 1927 in downtown detroit but closed a few years ago .
 portugal defender was sent off for headbutt against germany .
 daredevil alf spots acorns hanging above his head .
her email was listed as one hacked by anonymous in 2011 .
later seen ordering drinks at pubs and restaurants in westminster .
 said row over iran 's nuclear programme is ` larger than syrian crises ' .
most only wash hands for an average of six seconds , says dr rolf halden .
 portugal defender was sent off for headbutt against germany .
pepe is big friends with talisman cristiano ronaldo .
mr bruce said they are under pressure to be historically accurate with series .
 the 70-year-old abducted and fattened up dogs in buenos aires .
 patricia lefranc , 48 , left disfigured after sulphuric acid attack .
spurned lover richard remes , 57 , jailed for attempted murder .
the pictures were taken shortly after dawn as the insects rested on flowers .'
 russian nuclear forces tested transport of strategic and tactical weapons .
apple wanted to include her the whole pantry app on its latest gadget .
hilton was mrs idaho 2009 and competed in mrs america .'
beckham spent five seasons in the mls with la galaxy .
classrooms and corridors are free from pupils and teachers and the only occupant is a fox .'
henderson says she may now create a swastika-shaped display .
 pearls fetching far above estimate prices at auction .
duchess of cambridge has given pearls a contemporary edge .
mr mcgill is also prosecuting bolton wanderers and sem .'
 arsenal hoping to sign leverkusen holding player christoph kramer .
 peter nyong ' o got to accompany his famous sister on the oscar 's red carpet on sunday night .
 jimmy bullard is in australia for i 'm a celebrity ... get me out of here !
incidents happened after hull 's 1-0 first leg defeat at lokeren .
hull fans claim belgian police did nothing as they were pelted with bottles .
won champions league with real last season and is settled in madrid .
he then re-boarded the chopper which flew him to a mountain bike trail .
 henrik larsson was named as helsingborg manager on monday .
arsene wenger sanctioned the call-up but regrets the decision .
 brandon krenzler began administering marijuana to daughter mykayla soon after her cancer diagnosis .
their home had to be fumigated for three days while they stayed in hotel .
 roberto martinez criticises managers who defend too much .
there is just six points between first and second in the all-time pl table .
 arsenal beat middlesbrough 2-0 in the fa cup fifth-round .
stayed at home drinking alcohol he ordered on the internet .
 rolling spider uses rotors to fly and can be adapted to roll on ground .
nhs should foster climate of care and compassion , he says .
a wildfire that has grown to more than 12 square miles rages in california .
 general practice extraction service -lrb- gpes -rrb- is pet project of health secretary jeremy hunt .
the father was born a woman and has taken hormones to be a man .
 anne 's visit comes in the wake of the shooting of cpl nathan cirillo , 24 .
cpl cirillo had been on guard outside parliament when he was killed .
he had been babysitting for alfie 's mother , his girlfriend donna sullock .
 the work and pensions secretary said geologists are not as ` important ' .
she told conference last week ` toys with instructions do n't cut it any more ' .
buckingham palace said they do not wish to comment on the video .'
broadcaster paid # 712 for a flight to ibiza .
the cat chased an intruding fox off his owner 's land in norway .
macy 's ceo says he will do ` whatever customers want '
employers receive up to # 870 for every eu citizen from outside the uk .
police say the men accessed the shipment a day after customs official tested and seized the drugs .
it 's unlikely any stars will collide due to the great distances between them .
wenger also says kieran gibbs can be as good as ashley cole .'
she wants a public apology over the ` sexual violence against women '
they disappeared on september 26 from of iguala in southwestern mexico .
citizens are thrilled at the vigilante 's work but the police have launched an investigation into the asphalt stolen from the city of jackson .
fashion industry hail her as a great woman .
yim shot himself in the abdomen during a massive manhunt , but survived .'
dark matter is thought to make up 85 per cent of matter in the universe .
humans can only currently catch h5n1 from infected birds , but when they do it is usually fatal .'
one message to a 13-year-old boy read , ` who am i ?
a world cup in november and december would disrupt domestic leagues .'
there are more some 78 trains spread across a north carolina forest .
latest job is modelling mario testino 's mate collection for net-a-porter .
 florida father-of-three tom holloway badly injured .
 mozzarella boss giuseppe mandara was arrested at dawn on wednesday .
but he claims his ` right to a family life ' means he should be able to stay in uk .
but minutes after doctors had touched her , she mysteriously awoke .
` uncle omar ' , 67 , arrested for drink-driving in august .
immanuel testified he and hana were beaten with sticks , hosed down , .
claims staff member then rang hull hospital to check if son was ` dead yet ' .
people could be fined up to 40 shillings if they tried to buy alcohol again - and landlords fined # 20 for serving them .
 sharapova appears in the latest issue of net-a-porter e-zine , the edit .
pictures show them dressed only in their underwear and combat fatigues .
found strains of e.coli are closely-related , making a global vaccine possible .
` we saw bidding from literally all over the world ... we are absolutely delighted , ' sotheby 's auctioneer oliver barker said .
hints that water flowed deep beneath the surface in mars 's past .
she reportedly charges up to $ 1000 for her staff to write an essay .
 irina shumilova and alyona fursova married over the weekend .
she was accompanied by prince edward and their daughter , lady louise .
also on hand were her nieces , princesses beatrice and eugenie .'
argentina international has scored three goals in nine united appearances .'
 rhonda meath and her husband joe won an $ 11.7 million jackpot playing minnesota 's hot lotto .
incident at griffin 's jewellers in bridlington was over in around one minute .
city is now surrounded by police roadblocks and emergency services .'
the results showed annemarie atha was genetically identical to her sister .
moreno played for the tottenham manager during his time at espanyol .
he starred for mexico in the world cup and has been capped 57 times .
 after midday patrons must pay $ 250 just to access the rooftop bar .
but researcher believes tourism can help revitalise languages .
latvian language livonian most endangered , with no active speakers .'
ek says he is ` really frustrated ' with artists like swift , and reveals spotify has paid out $ 2billion to members of the music industry .
sage , while admitting to occasional drug use , had previously described his wife 's claims as ' a work of fiction '
his partner , alexandra tolstoy , recently branded the order ` draconian ' .
she said it hindered the couple 's management of their three homes .
 dave hughes surprised sydney train passengers on tuesday morning .
but they were caught after they crashed car during a police chase in march .
 morocco missed deadline to announce it would be hosting 2015 tournament .
 questions raised over whether latest instalment of hunger games should be classified m .
appearing under his real name , paul gadd , he denied all charges against him .
glenn cosby cried before cameras , expecting to be voted off .
she will be the co-driver for sky sports formula one pundit tony jardine .
 daniel day-lewis , who has won three oscars , to receive a knighthood .
competitor google has been tight-lipped about its own robot car programme .
he strangled former fiancee suzy healey to death in her # 1.9 m mansion .
 former newcastle striker shola ameobi is available having left gaziantep .
the 27-year-old from wisconsin describes her body type as ` in the middle ' .
bristol university found that ethnic minorities have greater expectations .'
 sephora opens its first australian store in sydney on december 5 .
corby was convicted of smuggling drug to in bali in 2004 .
billen , 35 , cashed in the pensioner 's premium bonds worth almost # 20,000 .
mr jones ' niece checked on home and found his house had been ransacked .
 footage captured outside abbey road studios shows woman struck by car .
the world champion was beaten by irishman david morris .
 minister matthew hancock said fracking could transform northern towns .
 scientists at city university london have developed a new glaucoma test .
 sami khedira deemed surplus to requirements at real madrid .
i will never be satisfied , ' says bouchard , ' i want to play in many more grand slam finals ' .
pietersen posts picture on twitter expressing his sadness at exit .
 plane passenger captured ` haboob ' dust storm sweeping south .
he walked over , gave her a kiss and handed over his guitar as a keepsake .
many are waiting more than the recommended two weeks for treatment .
he stole $ 5,000-worth of valuables , including a laptop and jewelry .
she continued for 900 miles before realising something was wrong .'
noel edwards was thrilled to have the medals back in his possession .
 lisa philips , 37 , from county durham , admitted taking # 14,700 from aunt .
brandi averill decided to confront bernier at the restaurant after he hung up on her .
 cristiano ronaldo has picked up two awards from spanish paper ` marca ' .
the offender , also a female , made racist remarks before assaulting her .
roger federer says he does n't need another wimbledon victory .
azerbaijani businessman has completed the due diligence process .
 us president full of praise for the huge roman arena .
the former real madrid manager compared ronaldo with zinedine zidane .
he later told a reporter he had only knocked the phone out of her hands .'
they paid up from $ 9 a night or $ 200 a month - but were controversially evicted in march 2013 .
baily cargill was on southampton 's books between 2006-08 .
the move is a way for them to increase global revenues .
mother doreen lawrence obe says ` racism has not gone away '
 charmaine coleman , 81 , completed 13,000 ft skydive at netheravon airfield .
 campbell webster and eryk bean , 17 , had their bagpipes seized at canadian border .
half that described themselves as ` lonely ' and were more likely to overshare .
university of east anglia 's research is based on data collected in mexico .
murray now must beat raonic to have any chance of making the last four .
 gareth barry suffered the injury during everton 's 1-1 draw with sunderland .
but the club hope the midfielder will be out for ` weeks rather than months '
third-choice goalkeeper emiliano martinez is set to start for the emirates outfit .'
she reportedly landed on her neck and did n't move for several minutes .
sunderland lost 8-0 to southampton at st mary 's on saturday .
 norwegian teenage sensation martin odegaard has signed for real madrid .
 young keeper david de gea has starred for manchester united this season .
his mother and stepfather are british citizens and his sisters are british .
 baby elephant stands out among family of rare white elephants .
miliband made announcement during campaign visit to rochester & strood .
 emmanuel adebayor has tried to explain his criticism of tottenham fans .
injury is only minor but it is another scare for arsene wenger .
dustin friedland was killed in front of his wife at end of shopping trip .
rooney will lead out england alongside his two sons kai and klay .'
the bullet was a 1mm from puncturing the left chamber of his heart .
michael gove has been criticised as there is a ` huge parental demand ' for more grammar schools .
but she is now preparing to take civil action against the veteran dj .
assistant melissa nelson said she was happily married with no interest in an affair and only wore scrubs .
kaci 's grandfather has now publicly criticised the pageant judges for being too unclear about the criteria for winning .
the bamboo instruments were deemed ` agricultural products ' and destroyed .
 jayne bailey 's obsession with the band begun when they were on x factor .
 jon soley , 33 , was filmed on a mobile phone attacking his patterdale terrier .
the dog , billy , had caught a rabbit , which soley used to repeatedly hit him .
 millions of women say they have been thrown on the scrap heap .
his wife maureen is still scheduled to be sentenced on february 20 .
difference of 11.2 per cent in pricing between express and superstores .
the 84-year-old former australia captain is to make his broadcasting return .
 bizarre incident occurred midway through the second half .
the 39-year-old wants ` one more ' fight before considering retirement .
he also claimed that the song was not racist but was about john terry .
 daniel callahan , president emeritus of a health ethics think-tank the hastings center , says fat people should be ` shamed and beat upon socially ' .
 matt lockley , 28 , ` tried to enter cockpit en route from brisbane to bali ' .
i realised that i just had to get on with my life , ' he admits about the injury .
hid the diary inside a clay vase as he would have been killed if discovered .
 park of keir development features 12 tennis courts , six-hole golf course .
sheffield united fans have petitioned against the club re-signing evans .
comes on the heels of ` dear girls , do n't be insecure , ' a photo posted by model cole mohr .
the mother , 33 , was struck by vehicle accelerating towards the pair .
it can reduce the number of days people suffer from cold symptoms by half .'
sat with the eight-month-old on some restaurant steps in rugeley , staffs .
branded her a ` tramp ' for letting child ` feast on her nipple in town ' .
many have claimed to have seen the beast of trowbridge over the years .
 jack wilshere shared the photo of the pair on instagram on thursday .
 photographer matt lambros has visited 57 early 20th century theatres across the united states .
when the man put up a fight ` he grabbed a hammer and beat him ' .
 prince william was confirmed into the anglican faith in 1997 .
 number of detectives on the case has fallen from 29 to 23 in the last year .
the 27-year-old is filming new drama for bbc called ` ordinary lies ' .
striker played for spain against slovakia and luxembourg last week .
they spent seven years at stately home while government used buildings .
but they have begun to repay their fees with goals for chelsea and arsenal .
diafra sakho among best value strikers after six goals for west ham .'
19-year-old plays for huntly fc rooted to bottom of scottish semi-pro league .
 nasa 's orion spacecraft is designed to carry astronauts to an asteroid and eventually to mars .
 wojciech szczesny was dropped by arsenal in favour of david ospina .
at least 60 individuals found in excavation by american archaeologist .
i was blown out of my shoes when i saw the scene with the rape joke in it , ' said tim winter , president of the advocacy group parents television council .
judging by the size of the prints , at least two people waded into the water .
but she says deven rogers was polite and reassuring during the ordeal .
the brazilian admits he is desperate to score more goals for the side .
 released the accused militants from bagram detention facility .
new four page nypd report shows his creeping obsession with radical islam and jihad .
manchester united were playing city in the manchester senior cup .
he will appear in saturday 's live show at the festhalle frankfurt .
she attempted to speak to emma allen , 17 , from southampton who was wearing a mask at the time .
 moeen ali had a summer full of highs and lows .
the midfielder believes brendan rodgers has helped him improve .
 tomas berdych won 6-3 , 6-1 at the o2 on wednesday afternoon .
he is still a seal instructor , and lives in a dorm during the week , driving home to see his family on the weekends .'
 martin kimber to resign in the wake of town 's damning child abuse report .
 the 11-foot-long web has appeared in the garden of a huddersfield .
evans proposed to her after two and a half years in jail for rape .
hartlepool united meet blyth spartans on bbc to kick off weekend .
 pro evolution soccer 2015 will be released worldwide on november 13 .
 adam lallana joined liverpool from southampton for # 25million .
 dr paul fleiss died saturday from complications ` after he was hit by a car ' .
atkinson , who played mr bean , and ronnie barker came third and fourth .
doctors said she was overweight and told her to go on a diet .
he was helping his father and uncle move feedbags when the accident happened .
argentina coach claims manchester united will improve .
received new ambassadors from brunei and republic of benin .
 christian roe , a 15-year-old who ran away from his home in auburn , michigan , on october 15 has been found .
he took to twitter to vent his frustrations at tennis scotland .
he feels more can be done in the wake of brother andy 's grand slam wins .
 the residence is the crown jewel of etihad 's new airbus a380 , the largest passenger jet in the world .
in 1995 , henthorn 's first wife was also killed in mysterious circumstances .
his co-pilot michael alsbury , 39 , was killed in the disaster on october 31 .
 birmingham-based former detainee pleaded not guilty to all charges .
he appeared smiling and relaxed in court on wednesday with his wife .
imf managing director christine lagarde admits : ` we got it wrong '
period , ' said one torie aide .
 letter appears to show mi6 provided intelligence which led to the ` rendition ' of a libyan dissident .
had weekly driving sessions and has now conquered fear .'
humphreys said he was sick of seeing people use their phones while driving .'
suarez was banned from all football-related activity on july 1 for biting the italy defender at the world cup .
barcelona have been unable to unveil the 27-year-old at the nou camp .
searched for explicit pictures online of girls who looked like her .
 advert posted under babies and children 's section of website olx .
 kerry kennedy , 54 , found not guilty of drugged driving at a new york court on friday .
experts used a modified camera to scan the ancient hunter 's body .
jose mourinho sent the six-year-old a signed photograph of himself .
paul lambert was sacked later after hull defeat left club in relegation zone .
but police officers are understood to have found nothing suspicious .
revelation diverts attention to co-pilot fariq abdul hamid once more .
 genome was taken from a 36,000-year-old skeleton found in russia .
gerrard told the uruguayan that he was ` too good for arsenal ' .
manchester united and arsenal have been linked with defender .
 cristiano ronaldo in action during portugal training session .
fernando santos recalls former chelsea defender jose bosingwa .'
 proposal has been approved by government , now goes to the senate .
prosecutors confirmed he did not keep a record of where meat was sent .
 a nurse has been reunited with her bike after begging a thief to return it .
kevin pietersen 's autobiography is also published this week .
one is a well-known sportsman , and neither can be named .'
doctor , engineer , architect and students cooked breakfast over open fire .
 shayk was in london to promote hercules , which is released on july 25 .
 bob ainsworth said russia 's president more powerful than isis jihadists .
metropolitan police arrived and spoke to him but no arrest was made .
 khan said pakistan was abusing multi-million pound uk aid budget .
comes after report siad aid had failed to improve political freedom .
 christopher woolcott had part of his nose bitten off after the attack .
it is powered by an arduino board and the parts of the clock are 3d printed .'
luke ryan said his christmas turned into a ` disaster ' .
the french striker was filmed performing a bizarre dance in his hotel room .'
alexander thought he was meeting a male friend at heathrow .
 marco reus recently signed a new four-year contract with dortmund .
the french midfielder has been linked with a move to real madrid .
 memphis depay has scored 18 goals for psv this season .
 john perreault heckled black outfielder during game .
tottenham want to recoup the # 7million they paid for him in 2013 .
 ` laura ' posed the message to ` dan ' at an esso station in manchester .
 cut-off for getting insurance without penalties to be delayed by six weeks .
but even democrats are calling for a further extension by up to a year .
glitches with healthcare.gov website has prevented millions signing up .
she was jailed for two years and has now been banned from teaching for life .
given all clear but cancer returned in april 2013 and told it was terminal .
most of the recipients of the letter were female and asian , and referred to as ` slit-eyes ' .
 anastasiya shpagina , 19 , models herself on characters from japanese anime films .
but he then refused to look at the camera in a series of post-match photos .'
it was spotted by local james norton who uploaded the picture to facebook .'
instagram user ` bogdhan ' flipped it horizontally and put it through a filter .
he entered it into .
 claim was made by builder andy during an appearance on health freaks .
particles freeze water droplets causing the clouds to burst and then vanish .
she 's lost 4st 7lb and dropped from dress size 18 to 10 .
the company has completed a world record test to begin flying in 2016 .
 the female passenger works at texas health presbyterian hospital , dallas .
the ship will be skipping its final stop in cozumel , mexico , friday and will return to texas on sunday .'
manager says the move is intended to create a ` good working environment ' .
a police spokesman said it was filmed along the stuart highway in central australia .
there is an open road limit , but serious traffic offences carry charges .
 disease affects 50,000 in the uk every year but is rare in younger women .
top gear host was given points on his licence for first time in 30 years .
 doctors only meet patients in 46 per cent of abortion cases , figures reveal .
bird then and drowns the pigeon before eating it with his female mate .
during routine , her boyfriend air force capt erick straub marched over .
 league leaders bayern munich picked up three points with 2-0 win .
lebron jnr was taking part in the john lucas all-star weekend .
sanitize .
sanitize .
championship club reading are in at least # 38million of debt .
 the egyptian boy pharaoh ` burst into flame after chemical reaction ' .
his body caught fire inside sarcophagus thanks to embalming fluid .
a prototype could be ready next year , but an advanced model wo n't be developed until 2016 .
pm admitted it was a ` very convivial ' night .
 waxwork shows what pride and prejudice author may have looked like .
the man says the teenager had his hands up , corroborating accounts from several other witnesses .
 beijing -lrb- china -rrb- and almaty -lrb- kazakhstan -rrb- bidding for 2022 winter olympics .
 photograph appeared on la redoute 's website for several hours .
 paris saint-germain will make an astonishing # 61m bid for eden hazard .
protesters demanding arrest of a suspect throw stones at resort .
the findings - reaching over 150 micro-rem per hour - prompted federal officials to launch an investigation .
54 , was created in flowers and placed on top of one car .
balotelli appeared in good spirits as he trained in florence on wednesday .
he has been unable to import his pet pig , super , due to british restrictions .
 fanny schlatter 's samsung s3 is thought to have set fire in her pocket .
 franciscan school looted and classrooms burned to the ground .
findings in cosmopolitan magazine 's men-only sex survey .
shares her story on refinery29 under the name abigail fox .
 chelsea announce record profits during roman abramovich era .
 pictures taken in braemar in the highlands and moray in aberdeenshire .
but today , a close source said doctor is ` devastated ' and ` unable to sleep ' .
rivers never regained consciousness after surgery and died at age of 81 .
 bartle frere allegedly arranged to meet up with boys in chennai , india .
 reports have emerged that missing malaysian airline 's black box has been located deep in the indian ocean .
the brazilian claims the first auction did not result in a consummation .
 three men went base jumping from a helicopter in switzerland on saturday .
has been diagnosed with solar uticaria - meaning he is allergic to the sun .
further delays and cancellations expected over coming days .
they featured broken furniture , big holes in walls and mounds of rubbish .
historians doubt the role of the island in the slave trade .
 anders lindegaard posted image of himself at old trafford with #loyalty .
new rules will allow future olympic games host cities to stage new sports .
 victim of notorious australian rapes in fear as two-thirds of gang freed .
apps and games visually motivate autistic children in unique ways .
today said he was ` very embarrassed ' and ` extremely sorry ' for comments .
 lord coe said coca-cola is allowed as an ` official olympics partner ' .
powell could be sent back to prison for another five years on a refiled charge of possession of child pornography raised last month .
 president obama met his half-brother mark obama ndesandjo for the first time in 1988 on a visit to kenya .
said : ' i feel like a different person , with more confidence and a lot healthier '
out of budget carriers , jetblue ranked highest with 754/1000 points .
he also claimed manager luis enrique started with ` too many rules '
boris johnson says it is time to ` junk the rhetoric of austerity ' .
 only 40 % of sewage is treated in rio - with rest pumped into waterways .
mr shiels died on boxing day after short illness .
13 days after being readmitted , she had a hysterectomy to save her life .
he was greeted off the plane by paramedics and quarantine staff .'
 two-year-old pixie could be set to surpass feline grumpy cat 's success .
 police near houston , texas , said john skillern tried to send three images .
also revealed which type of profile pic works best .'
case believes there could be an upset in quarter-final on wednesday .
 benjamin lamontagne , 18 , of long island , died on february 22 .
 plane can fly on two of its sides and travel to supersonic levels .
as the car speeds up the ` animals ' move faster .
technology uses lights made from organic material .
 he said long queue of voters was similar to that of post-apartheid election .
 grisly images captured in the derelict veterinary school of anderlecht in brussels , belgium .
 peter fraser has stalked deer for 45 years on the invercauld estate in braemar , scotland .
 foreign secretary william hague says government ` understands ' pain .
 former holland striker named new manager of league two outfit .
hasselbaink played in england for leeds , chelsea and middlesbrough .
 us attorney general was to address police academy graduates in oklahoma city on thursday .
they had been in guantanamo bay since 2002 , but were never charged .
he was left in a garbage bag to die until he was found by tami augustyn of conroe , texas .
rosie huntington-whiteley was the face of the discovery sport 's launch .
 rapper jokes with crowd at campaign event in columbus .
 jamie oliver opened barbecoa beneath restaurant of same name in 2010 .
 new documents reveal that the fbi looked into threats made against malcolm glazer in 2005 .
before facing the fourth ranked side france on april 9 .
celia sasic scores twice and alex scott scores own goal .
store immediately apologised and instructed it was removed from shelves .
 attack carried out at night using canisters of insecticide and wire cutters .
his 15-month-old son benjamin had been left in a hot car for eight hours on july 7 .
benjamin died of hyperthermia after over-heating in the july sun .
analysis involved comparing the claws to modern-day mammals .
` best new candidate to support liquid water - perhaps life ' says study leader .
 ` people see julia roberts or sandra bullock in a romantic comedy , not me ' .  '
alexis sanchez tweeted that the ' 3 points are coming to london ' .
she insulted his clothing before hitting him on back of head with her shoe .
oasis surrounded by sand dunes was shrinking fast due to desertification .
traders dry the fins of roofs after an outcry against them using pavements .'
mr love , dubbed ` the blonde bombshell ' by team mates , is mr february .
 manufacturer airbus has released a ` vision for flying from the middle of century and beyond ' .
 the man challenged helen turnbull about the affair she had with his son .
made six demands which the government needs to meet .
the men were captured along with a shotgun and two handguns .
ms hall paid # 20 for the ladybirds to be tattooed onto her hand .
but there were no kind words from estranged son christopher linde , 48 .
 seventeen female students from warwick university rowing society posed-up .
gough admitted to molesting children aged between three and 16 .
the quirk artisan chocolatier has devoted most of his life to creating the treat after buying a cacao farm in venezuela .
 sunderland travel to st james ' park to play newcastle on sunday .
her close friend phil james , 19 , died after being hit by train in september .
now , authorities believe he may be responsible for the death of his stepdaughter , susana villalvalzo .'
they photographed the national trust properties with a place in their hearts .
 andr\xc3\xa9 lawrence shepherd served in iraq in 2004 in a noncombat role .
he edited raw x-ray footage in a video editor and photoshop .
 dutch forward arjen robben admitted trying to fool referee pedro proenca .
jose mourinho and zlatan ibrahimovic are renowned as being arrogant .
 snaps show president taking time out from schedule in warsaw .
mr farah called the police and the manager was arrested and cautioned .
images were captured by wildlife photographer anna henly .
geraint william , senior coroner for worcestershire , records open verdict .
 valerie trierweiler collapsed from ` shock and exhaustion ' after revelation .
 the champions have made an enquiry for anderlecht 's dennis praet .
 free agent victor valdes has been training with manchester united .
inventors hoping to pitch their idea on canadian version of dragons den .'
 foreign parents and teachers appalled by the costumes .
 egoista means selfish in italian and only seats one person .
 lorraine candy has recently been introduced to ` open homework ' .
 suspect andrew bullock , 18 , admitted to police that he attacked and raped the nun .
arsene wenger is now tipping the forward for an england call-up .
presently texts from the communications giant are delayed by up to 48 hours .
around 62 per cent say their partner prefers the natural look .
looks incredible modelling her new festive range from # 27 .'
 thousands of pairs of nikes were found at the kentucky home .
tiger woods ' girlfriend had left her passport in austria .
 the children 's author was a propaganda writer for the mysterious ` mi7b ' .
mrs soptic died five years after her husband lost his job .
the tony blair faith foundation was set up by mr blair in 2008 .
advisor dr ismail khudr al-shatti has alleged link to extremist group .
bosnian muslim cleric mustafa ceric also accused of having ties .
 lauren graham , 24 , was left in tears after her view was totally obstructed .
two-thirds of adults do not take enough time for themselves .
 the ` smack that ' singer was performing in dr congo capital goma .
chairman of westpac lindsay maxstead said mrs kelly is ` one of australia 's most successful ceos '
 church was worried no one would attend funeral of harold morgan , 85 .
newcastle have only managed to keep one clean sheet in previous 10 premier league games against stoke .'
christian benteke is still unavailable as he recovers from ruptured achilles .
teenage defender could start against west ham due to club 's injury crisis .
he did not offer beyonce $ 100 million to become a judge .
probe by national audit office unable to determine extent of his benefits .
 rivers in somerset have risen by two metres , just 11 months after the last major flooding incident in the area .
 irina shumilova and alyona fursova married over the weekend .
 jena pang takes teddy bears on holiday and to dinner .
he died at jefferson university hospital in philadelphia on saturday from a ruptured aneurysm .
 wealthy residents are opposing high taxes which support poorer south .
 nigel owens was subjected to ` disgusting vitriol ' during saturday 's match .
allegations follow mark clattenburg breaching official regulations .
ukip support up to 20 per cent , an all-time high for the party .
germans claimed it was carrying explosives destined for the frontline .
sen. lindsey graham : ` the next 9/11 is in the making ' .
 delaware attorney general biden has written a letter supporting the judge who made a controversial call .
farage ` admires ' putin and says european union has ` blood on its hands ' .
 ginger tabbies george and elton found abandoned and close to death .
 pentagon insists staff sgt robert bales did not have any accomplices .
 kevin davis , 18 , killed his mother , kimberly hill , 50 in march in texas .
davis admitted he strangled , stabbed and beat his mother .
santon 's girlfriend chloe sanderson posted twitter rant before deleting it .
she said she was ` disgusted ' by newcastle for ` pushing ' santon out .
his mother has warned about the dangers of playing russian roulette with drugs .
 adult film actress lisa ann posted tweets about michael del zotto .
ann went on a date with del zotto when he was at the new york rangers .
in october , ann was romantically linked with 18-year-old college footballer .'
he said the exchange was ' a misunderstanding ' .
more than a quarter of kenyan women have undergone ordeal , despite the practice being outlawed three years ago .
his mother joanne gaskarth was diagnosed with diabetes at age of 24 .
he also researched green tea benefits and uses it in his beauty range .'
 large groups of lions and hyenas battle it out for buffalo .
 molybdenum mineral is thought to have been crucial to the origin of life .
he 's also transformed duchess of cambridge and amal clooney .
mr guo said that he has clocked up 100,000 miles using just his feet to drive .
married father-of-two believed to have been working for muslim charity .
the murder came after krumm killed his father 's girlfriend heidi arnold , 42 .
 olivier giroud suffered injury in closing stages of 2-2 draw against everton .
she is seen jumping for joy and repeating : ` it 's fantastic , it 's wonderful ' .
 dennis wilson was 22 when he was sent to normandy for d-day landings .
andrew paice captured the moment on tuesday during a river cruise .
accident happened on monday afternoon at a vidor home .
lionel messi tops the chart with an estimated value of # 172m .
insurers expect 85 % of claims to be settled by the new year .'
conservatives accuse him of behaving like ` lib dem home secretary ' .
 2013 rugby for heroes calendar , launched by mike tindall , mbe .
 unidentified flying object appears over nat bailey stadium in vancouver .
show an androgynous collection in black , white and grey .
 committee of mps will ask about her links to the former home secretary .
he was finally pulled from the riesending caves at noon today .
he was revealed as a former driver for hate cleric omar bakri .
friend wrote that jessica had visited mother yesterday .
 poll asked brits to list their dream destination and cities they have visited .
 solve biggest problem faced by humanity - win # 1million .
staff and elderly residents at goldfield court suffered nausea and diarrhoea .
22 per cent of the country is not affiliated with a religion .
hindus are likely young and in connecticut , buddhists are single in delaware .'
has unveiled pushchair range .
 axolotl is a strange newt-like creature which lives in mexico .
now the agency says it does not have emails for six other officials involved in the tea party targeting scandal .
but shortly afterwards a rash and large blisters spread across her body .
given 10 % chance of survival after developing stevens-johnson syndrome .
it would create a walkway across river from temple to the south bank .
 unknown gang raided village near witu , 25 miles inland , killing 5 .
film says head of the church david miscavige was ` suspicious ' of kidman .
providing a never-before-seen view of london life , the glass floor panels weigh over 1,000 pounds each .
eddie redmayne has a 77.1 percent chance of winning best actor .
sir gerald said ` many of us including enoch powell ' warned about migration .
 infant girl was found at new jersey plant with her umbilical cord still attached .'
scotland 's 59 mps will still be allowed to vote on laws only affecting england .
alan clark was known to have many mistresses .
it is estimated that the uk is home to around 20,000 polygamous unions .
 tomas rosicky has appeared just eight times for arsenal this season .
the czechs face iceland in group a euro 2016 qualifier on sunday .'
 olivier giroud has been out since august after suffering an ankle injury .
famous baker rejected plea deal and pleaded not guilty .'
 about 50 seals with bizarre injuries washed up on british beaches .
she had been volunteering in sierra leone - a nation swept with the illness .
 martin o'neill has issued a statement backing his assistant roy keane after an alleged bust-up .
it was alleged that keane rowed with a fan outside the bar area at ireland 's hotel in portmarnock .
broner said he was offended by the offer and launched an attack at jay-z .
 southampton were held to 1-1 draw with aston villa in the premier league .
 west brom splashed out club record # 10m on brown ideye in summer .
 brendan hickey , an irishman who lived in randwick , was watching the light show with his friends when he accidentally fell into sydney 's darling harbour just before 11pm on friday .
normal condoms covering the penis do not protect the whole pubic area .
girls say they ` feel fat ' after teachers told them their trousers were too tight .
 researchers in belgium carried out a 10 day experiment in a bookstore .
lives near newcastle with first wife madah , 25 , by whom he has two children .
 charlotte berry describes lewd acts and openly discusses being drunk .
 barack obama speaks in virginia on 2013 budget proposal to congress .
didier drogba will be hoping to make an appearance at wembley again .
has canoed down the zambezi river where she was chased by buffaloes .
 adele vellacott and dave cobain married in monmouthshire , south wales .
it comes as france considers extending a ban on veils to private sector .
images of hitler have also been seen on t-shirts in thailand .'
fans take to social media to defend their idol .
 in green bank , west virginia fewer than 200 .
the two spent 90 minutes dangling in the air before they were rescued by members of fdny .
but spokesman confirms pupils must be taught gay people are not ` inferior '
 primary school in swindon says pupil 's reaction could be ` life-threatening ' .
 mum cherie ` likes the idea of kennedy-style dynasty ' .
 barcelona suffered shock 1-0 defeat by malaga at the nou camp .
 report carried out by the london school of economics says system for assessing teachers must be revamped .
author simoni renee guerreiro dias claims fascist actually died aged 95 .
he was appointed to the role to improve the failing school 's standards .
 the mormon prom is held every year in morristown , new jersey .
the event started 8 years ago when mormon students complained to their mothers about their expensive , lewd high school dances .'
workers had passports confiscated and faced deportation for striking .
allardyce reveals a new contract will be sorted out in the summer .
two pit bulls were locked in crates out front .
device intended for fps games like call of duty .
child 's body was found at local church early saturday morning .
news came just hours after protests over murder of three israeli teenagers .
mother fatima , said she and roona 's father abdul hope she will go to school .
other victims identified as construction worker jeremy lewis , 26 , and business owner melvin lee edwards , 69 .
 lauren harrington-cooper pleaded guilty in pennsylvania to having sex with students in the wyoming valley west school district .
 ofqual , the exam watchdog , found more multiple choice questions and papers with less scientific content .
range depicts men happily diving or climbing into the wearer 's cleavage .
 paltrow made the comments during a surprise appearance at a tech conference outside los angeles on tuesday .
 stephanie wilson , 28 , found the letter in september 2012 after purchasing boots at saks fifth avenue .
 royden cope had an ` impeccable ' 41-year career as a teacher .
trial drug made her temporarily responsive again to carboplatin .'
 case presided over by shamed boss sharon shoesmith .'
the expensive device was lost when the hospital was destroyed in storm .
 dennis hope claimed ownership of moon in 1980 through legal loophole .
he has now made more than $ 11million -lrb- # 6million -rrb- selling acres of moon .
denis cheryshev opened the scoring for the hosts after 71 minutes .
dr dharamshi , said he was told to refer patients to zoo .'
 dr helen wright has written a guidebook for parents on how to bring up teenage girls .
the summer pre-season tournament is set to be hosted by singapore .
mount laurel police ruled his death on tuesday a suicide .
police said foul play was not suspected in his death .
sportsmail columnist was with wife louise for event at oxford street .'
 debbie collinson swore at staff over school play .
 paris police say there have been fewer physical attacks against visitors .
paris police launched a 26-point anti-crime strategy to make city safer .
 field marshal erwin rommel committed suicide after failed hitler murder plot .
 jocelyn rojas , five , was kidnapped from her front yard yesterday afternoon .
temar boggs , 15 , and a friend were riding bikes when they spotted the child in a car .
mr obama spoke to the excited family and posed for a photo on her phone .
 laura rees was buried in her bridesmaid dress after dying in crash on a40 .
 denmark boss blames christian eriksen for lack of impact in defeat .
morten olsen says eriksen should have improved more at tottenham .
shelves at store near site are full of j\xc3\xa4germeister , strongbow and fosters .
but prosecutors have now said that champion was actually in cahoots with riservato in a ` murder-for-hire ' scheme .
emily champion , 31 , was just visiting her family from her home in louisiana .
one carer said : ` my five-year-old grandson stood in the wet in just socks '
 sir michael wilshaw said careers advice in school was not up to scratch .
heather 's daughter madeline was born first , destinee 's son damien came hours later .
the disgusted 36-year-old vowed to never shop at tesco again .
 drako , a belgian melanois , sniffs phones even when they are dismantled .
 ` at the moment no formal application has been made , ' says deputy police commissioner .
motorists infuriated as the blockage does not show up on sat nav .'
` clocky ' forces heavy sleepers out of bed to turn off the alarm .
 plus size campaigner renee posey has slammed the brand 's ` discriminatory ' prices which see only women charged more for larger clothing .
 zindzi and zenani mandela spoke on red carpet before film about how she was ` hoping to see more ' of her father .
he was detained in 2008 after persistent re-offending over 11-year period .
 paul ta-vuong , 31 , was jailed for 25 years for death of his girlfriend 's baby .
police cars are on standby to help stuck students arrive on time .
 dr ugur yansel had two heart attacks while on ` healthy living ' show .
 titan aerospace developing a range of drones long flying drones .
 ` back to school ' display features pregnant children wearing uniforms .
 handgun found near mark duggan ` had n't been used ' .
service is offered for free and is part of a small but growing trend online .
 spanish and art teacher priscilla davo ortega taped children 's mouths shut .
new york patient dr craig spencer was given transfusion during recovery .'
boy george said he is ` devastated ' because he was forced to cancel .
 study found meditation works as well as conventional anti-depressants .
the national farmers union described the decision as ' a backward move '
 bondi resident posts angry missive on ` annoying ' neighbour 's door .
 when bronson broke his leg owners simply covered injury with a bandage .
security guards do not intervene .'
 dr michael summer only declared a fraction of his earnings to hmrc .
mr brown 's employment agency thought she had been told of his death .
 church was worried no one would attend funeral of harold morgan , 85 .
adam gordon was jailed for 38 months for the attack .
she returned home but last month was sent a letter by italian police .
granby superintendent alan addley said foley acknowledged ` the distraction caused by the recent publicity . '
clearest consistency is the amount of people who have left the midwest .
aged 16 she discovered her idol dominique moceanu was in fact her sister .
his son jeremy , 5 , was seated beside him during press conference .
preservationists and zoos have launched breeding programs to save the vulnerable animal before it 's too late .
a man is apparently smoking ice with a glass pipe in plain view .
he hit a water fountain while lashing out at little brother .
# 3,215 compensation claim overturned by appeal court .
they do this to trick males into thinking they 're the father of their offspring .
says he was asked to attend a meeting headteacher sue whelan .
school has launched investigation but ukip calls for independent inquiry .
it comes as cameron and merkel clash over plans for eu reform .
someone has taken them , ' neal 's sister said monday .
chips should be at least 14mm wide and are best cooked at 175c .
he said he believed ` marketplace ' could offer better value for money .
american workers were given just 15 paid days off in the past year .
the supermarket is planning on moving into the top-end whisky market .
 schools minister david laws wants parents to take more interest .
 flight mh136 was rolling down the runway when it was told to abort take-off .
 ofstead orders ` mediocre ' schools to improve performance .
he was sacked from gordonstoun - where prince charles was a pupil .
traffic warden handed her a ticket for stopping on a double yellow line .
airliner will be grounded at amsterdam 's schiphol airport .
the far-right national front was holding a meeting there .
alarmed mother has called for certain e-books to have adult ratings .
tough new inspection regime will also cover back-chatting and calling out .
the racial slur was then shared and quickly went viral .
but they are angered ` sensitive medical information ' was made public .
$ 25bn assets , $ 30bn liabilities and $ 4bn cash listed .'
 secretary of defense chuck hagel is revealing how he cut his face and the reason for the bandage he has been wearing all week .
sec .
 yeti , odlin , sampson and apolo are the world 's most unique big cats .
 manga -lrb- or comic-style -rrb- shukan young magazine scrapped photo of singer .
 the 19-year-old model is the new face of label 's new permanent collection .
but onlookers may see them very differently - and they can make people feel quite uncomfortable .
` what is the probability that laprincess will inherit her mam 's big bootie ? '
 jaroslav dobes , 43 , told the women sex would heal them spiritually .
but by 2009 she had fallen $ 4,144.62 behind and was threatened with jail .
says royal wears her designs ` as they should be worn ' .
# 19.99 dvd lands in stores on december 1 .'
on wednesday she said that both santa and jesus were ` verifiably white ' .
cctv footage caught her abusing vulnerable patients .
 ashley parkins pruitt , a married mother-of-one , ` had sexual relationships with three different students between august and october ' .
 computer scientists at the university of utah , developed the a3 software .
program also learns to not let the bug back into a machine .
animal was shot in celje , slovenia at an advanced age .
they measured each of the faces on a facial-width-to-height ratio -lrb- fwhr -rrb- .
 los angeles is 19 hours behind sydney so it 's possible to party twice .
day-trippers warned not to travel as it might be ` difficult ' to get back .
 julia marshall-wessendorf , 37 , was diagnosed with multiple sclerosis in 2010 .
locations are chosen because they cover most of the american population .
the ex-lapd officer went on vengeance-fueled rampage that left four dead .
 ` nong cartoon ' was abducted from father 's truck in bangkok on november 6 .
tragically the 65-year-old was hit by the tram and sliced in half .'
he was found half naked in girl 's bedroom and said ` it 's a misunderstanding ' .
the girl said she now feels ` stupid ' and was ` manipulated ' by wunderle .
animal care workers named the spunky little kitten elsa after a character in the movie frozen .
they left their father , dr. william petit for dead - but he survived .
 detective sergeant christopher head was one of roberts ' victims in 1966 .
 mr johnson instructed a spectator writer to go undercover as a ` source ' .
 luke king was sent naked photos by victim during three-year relationship .
 westminster flats alleged to be the site of ` sex parties ' involving children .
 more than half of members of the house of lords are over 70 , figures show .
the educator wanted to teach the students where their food comes from .
the teacher later apologized and is now facing disciplinary action .
they claim they should be introduced in the name of gender equality .
officials argued that they are also safer as they would emit more light .'
 small fire started on board uss miami by worker who wanted to go home .
a local councillor said it was a ` homage ' to the movie trainspotting .
he pleaded guilty to ill-treatment and has been jailed for six months .
police are appealing for help in identifying the man and woman .'
andrew , 27 , and their friend liz shelton were killed , ruth severely injured .
the man was interviewed and later charged over the double murder .
brendan john lindsay was shot dead after he threatened to kill a woman .
four police officers were arrested after the incident .
cardiff dogs home said : ` how on earth she was still alive is a mystery ' .
his bosses disagreed and told him to sign a letter of resignation .
sanctuary ' .
evens wears a troll outfit to flirt with husband .
finally detained after being tasered , handcuffed and fixed to a stretcher .
worst-hit nations include dominican republic and martinique .'
 brendan rodgers says he has needed to be ` autocratic ' this season .
rodgers left out the majority of his new signings for the trip to ludogorets .
ramsay accused rival of sabotage after only 40 of 140 bookings showed .
 julien blanc posted image on twitter with caption : ' #howtomakeherstay ' .
mr blanc , 25 , has risen to notoriety by being self-described ` pick-up artist ' .
 joaquin ramos , 23 , was arrested in a houston hospital and charged with kidnapping .
mswati iii accused of plundering swaziland 's wealth .
 haniyyah barnes faces six years in prison when she is sentenced in july .
she broke into her neighbor 's house in august 2011 and grabbed her shih tzu before throwing it into traffic , killing it .
 some women have returned for as many as nine terminations in their lifetime .
teenager tried to fend him off using box cutter but the attack continued .
one of the workers survived the leak and was treated in hospital .
 organisation for economic co-operation and development studied 15-year-olds .
a preserved mammoth carcass was found preserved in snow in siberia .
 moira wilson was manager of calthorpe clinic in birmingham from 2010-2011 .
 simon mignolet will start in goal for liverpool against swansea city .
dogs vader , jester , deuce , thor and judge all honoured in ceremony .
captain wayne rooney has been dropped deeper into midfield .
 raheem sterling has currently two years to run on his existing deal .
 the israeli prime minister had some tough words to the obama administration 's rebuke of israelisettlements .
he is pictured sitting down and giving orders to surrounding subordinates .
 when gareth prendergast left for afghanistan to fly tornado fighter bombers his son was yet to walk .
 steven rolfe painted the st george 's flag on his front door in 2003 .
scott parker approached magath over severity of punishment .
fulham 's captain then paid the fines out of his own pocket .
danish side fc midtjylland have failed with an approach for goalkeeper .
 manchester united are keeping tabs on palermo striker paulo dybala .
 moyes will be sacked and could even leave today .
united are seventh in premier league , 13 points off fourth place .
today show host claims he was conducting an experiment into sexism .
 experienced first aider dwayne cuming , 39 , attempted to revive harry .
students began texting their parents that cops had guns at their school .
took place close to the town of denguin on the northern edge of pyrenees .
blindfolded 30 pupils and fed them cookies laced with his semen .
 david cameron held tense 50 minute meeting with putin over ukraine .
but he then left pregnant ms jenkins to get back together with andrea dean .
ms jenkins and her baby ` miraculously ' both survived the knife attack .
 charlie colt is at the centre of australia 's most notorious incest stories .
year six pupil wrote to education secretary to berate him for the errors .
cottage has its own steam train and carriage in the garden .
 convicted killer escaped prosecution for second murder just last month .
new businesses may have to obey rules , but existing shops have choice .
 prime minister tony abbott kicked off the leaders retreat ahead of a bbq .
users are sent a code to their mobile which is entered into an atm .
pets are allowed , solitary confinement is limited to 15 days and there are no fences .
the prison population of the united states stands at 2.2 million people .
 youngsters aged from seven to 14 taken from their home in darmstadt .
viviana 's body secrets spa in doral , florida , was shut down yesterday by miami-dade health department .
owner edna viviana ayala arrested and charged with practicing medicine without a license .
 seven constituencies in the country constitute more single-parent families than couples .
to donate to fund for oliver 's life-changing operation click here .
she hopes to complete the 26.2-mile course in under five hours .
 one direction heart - throb joining classes at london 's barry 's bootcamp .
the tv presenter suggested his phone had been used by someone else .
 south shore academy in blackpool has enlisted help from the forces .
suarez seems to take offence to skrtel 's actions .
 insects found to be more thorough than humans when looking for a home .
 robot was appointed by hong-kong venture capital firm deep knowledge .
but in somerset only 850 of the 2,000 badgers targeted were culled .
leading experts have described the pledges as ' a wasted opportunity '
 six american military advisers injured in kunduz .
 studies suggest babies ca n't empathise with adults who have nip and tuck .
infants apparently can not see emotion when parents have botox injections .
 gynaecologist jayne cockburn was suspended from duty in 2011 .
the mail on sunday is campaigning for far tougher regulation on cosmetic procedures .'
 english teacher banned what he calls ` the b word ' from his classroom .
 lesley larkum , music teacher at dulwich college , also ardent communist .
hundreds turn up to first phase of auditions at sun life stadium .
 arsonist targeted house of elderly couple in surrey as they slept .
the hotel won the award at world boutique hotel awards in london this week .
33-year-old taught the boy at school and then took him home for sex .
 anger over chemistry on tuesday .
 david lilienfeld , 20 , was bodyboarding with his brother when the predator struck .
chapman is given another two years for his burglary and arson sentence .'
ms whitelegg , 30 , will marry andy mcleary , 37 , in newquay , cornwall .
one former examiner defends question as ` legitimate '
molly conley shot in the neck as she walked with friends on june 1 .
st brigid 's rc primary school , manchester , threatened ` behaviour sanctions ' .
 senior labour figures have repeatedly attacked free schools .
has now undergone pioneering surgery to have a new eye reconstructed .
 police have identified eighth grader cade poulos as the sole fatality .
a facebook memorial for cade claims bullying is responsible for his death .
 red wine ingredient resveratrol could damage unborn baby 's pancreas .
law society 's william booth added case is ` riddled with inconsistencies ' .
the little girl was taken to hospital and is in critical condition .
 snuffles is in the dog 's trust rehoming centre in glasgow .
 dr. martin salia was diagnosed with ebola on monday and contracted ebola while working in sierra leone .
luton and gatwick push up average uk prices , at # 11 and # 10 respectively .
ella has now improved dramatically and has less than 10 seizures a day .
 ben sullivan , 21 , was arrested and taken to station for questioning .
 shocking figures exposed in department for education consultation .
the others admitted hughes had sex with the boy but denied knowing age .
head teacher then asked children to be taken out of the school .
i do n't want to be closer than that , ' one man is heard saying in the video .
the teens nicknamed the then-17-year-old ` three-fifths , ' referring to how the government once counted black people as a fraction of a person .
now 26 , she is married and has two children of her own .'
comes after social network launched donate button to fight ebola .
talks with gsi , as furious runners threaten to boycott future races .
 man lets 10 year old girl drive his ford falcon in dunedin on saturday night .
was stopped by police just minutes after the us president left the building .
opponents say those ` for ' the school are turning it into ` race issue '
has developed an all-in-one drink to provide all the nutrients he needs .
 jet of drool caused by giraffe as it yanks head backwards after drinking .
the 20-year veteran was laying the body of private steven allen to rest .
mr hawke 's daughter said that ms d'alpuget has been a rock in tough times .
 harvey mumford , 23 and zac cowdrey , 24 , jailed for 32 years each for murder .
he was jailed last november for a campaign of harassment against his ex .'
 children are pupils at sharjah education zone and aged seven and eight .
it is claimed he had argued with homeowner mark o'connor .
all were travelling in the same car , a toyota , when the crash took place .
a man driving the other car , a seat , suffered a broken leg in the accident .
mr joyce was thrown out of labour party following 2012 commons brawl .
his father described the report as a ` shameful whitewash '
one brother arrested while the other is being hunted by police .
david cameron will not allow the saltire to appear on scottish licences .
 uneasy lies the mind was shot using an iphone 5 and a lens adapter .
 ollie cummings was playing in the kitchen when the dog attacked him .
 queen victoria 's close relationship with john brown caused controversy .
but a thief broke into her home and ripped the 400-pound safe up .
mr bryant served on the nsw force for 23 years before he decided to quit .
but the rate of teenagers getting sunburnt has remained almost the same .
 david luiz sealed a # 50million move to paris saint-germain in the summer .
zlatan ibrahimovic asked luiz to ` play with us next season ' during match .
manager mizanur rahman jailed in 07 for saying uk troops should die in iraq .
more people are buying food ` for now ' in smaller stores , he claimed .
their affair continued even after murray 's arrest when the teen , then 16 , was found with her at her father 's house in january 2013 .
area was submerged in water after wettest winter on record .
 harry and mavis stevenson met at a social club when they were 16 .
mcdonald 's , one of simplot 's business partners , has said it does n't use genetically modified potatoes .
 nicolas sarkozy , 59 , said he would ` repeal ' laws allowing same-sex unions .
 labour opposes coalition allowing academies to hire unqualified staff .
eruption unleashed 500 square miles of ash .
collins has accused his estranged wife , faye grant , of leaking the audio .
 royal .
barnes , from east london , is charged with 3 terrorism offences .
the figures were taken from the first 30 days of launch in september .
 amy mcintosh , 25 , may lose her job after bosses saw her dancing on tv .
 charlie taylor said cases difficult and violent pupils are on the rise .
 dr martin salia , 44 , has died after receiving treatment for ebola at the university of nebraska medical center in omaha .
 about 100,000 barbecue fans travelled to the competition in memphis .
world championship barbecue cooking contest hosts dozens of categories .'
diego simeone 's work at atletico madrid has been unbelievable , i hope he wins fifa 's coach of the year award .
the winning ticket was bought in a shop in stevenage , hertfordshire .'
 christie fletcher , 22 , says she took the drug at the same time every day .
and situation only usually occurs with the help of ivf .
 basic model of the wooden ` microhome ' is 13ft high and costs # 10,000 .
in three years thousands of children hospitalised after having drink in us .
those former patients at high risk will be tested for hiv and hepatitis .
the details are confidential but ` sam got what he needed ' , mckenna said .
showed the impact of severe storm on container in the indian ocean .'
the estate takes up an entire block and will provide the new owners with some of the best views in l.a.  it was a once more modest 10,000 square feet back when rogers - a leo and an astrology buff - christened it liongate estate in the 1970s .'
74-year-old sultan qaboos bin said al said has had to pull out .
omani ruler has had to travel to germany for emergency treatment .
was inspired by music icons such as debbie harry .
they appeared on the show where lauer asked about ` substance abuse ' .
 british couple attended charity event in leeds were arnie was appearing .
volcanoes spewed sulphur into the atmosphere and changed the climate .
but when she found out he voted for her as paper 's girl of 2012 , fury grew .
 hannah davison split up with christopher todd after he cheated on her .
the jilted ex then sent a naked picture of ms davison to her mother .
 hakimullah mehsud one of those dead in blast , said intelligence sources .
pakistan government condemned drone strike as ` violation of sovereignty ' .
this photo was taken during battle of somme in 1916 as 36th -lrb- ulster -rrb- division forced germans to surrender .
most believe by performing the sex ritual they will get good fortune .
 lord sainsbury of turville says labour leader 's political skills are ` average ' .
 ebay deals asked 1,000 people a series of 23 questions .
some of the results of the ` would you rather ' scenarios were surprising .
 fred phelps died of natural causes on wednesday night .
the 17-year-old repeats the start of his speech , according to his owner .
israeli police say there is no indication it was anything other than a suicide .
 the company 's list of top 20 best-selling movies now is peppered with classic robin williams flicks .
 ernst berlin , from chicago , contacted dozens of artists on website reddit .
she fears they cut through a mosquito net and doused her with the agent .
 the royal mail have released a set of commemorative stamps .
data will be used alongside other evidence , and evaluated by a doctor .
however , he says he does drink around five pints a day .
energy secretary to pledge funds ahead of un summit .'
visit david 's blog here .
she stormed into the kitchen , picked up a knife , and hacked off his penis .
miss malone , from california says she was questioned for 90 minutes .
 woman attacked by dozens of men for wearing a ` mini skirt ' in nairobi .
singer has admitted attempting to rape a baby and plotting to rape another .
had a weekly audition of 1.9 m , down from 2m in the same time last year .
 edward wakeling has collected reminiscences of those who knew carroll .
the restaurant is based in london and will be temporarily relocated in 2015 .
taking pictures of other veterans became a form of ` therapy '
she had a hypoglycaemic episode and ploughed into hazel l'anson , 51 .
 calianna griggs was diagnosed with adrenal gland cancer last spring .
parents greg and ashley planned to stage an early christmas .
only paige got her place back , with paris having to stay at the new school .
he will move to the usa and new york city in a few months .
wooed her with ` smooth-talk ' and they would meet for sex in cupboard .
ms cunneen is appealing decision to allow icac inquiry to proceed against her .
also heavily attacks british prime minister david cameron .
built in 1856 , the gothic sandstone craigholme property at daring point is on the market for about $ 20 million .
their b&b in oakamoor , staffordshire , is under threat from subsidence .
 congregation at white tail chapel , virginia attend church while in the nude .
 stephanie roche has signed for houston dash on a two-year deal .
the 25-year-old joins from french side asptt albi .
 jessica silva has pleaded not guilty to murdering james polkinghorne .
in the call ms silva asks her brother how she can get mr polkinghorne killed .
figure is around 60 per cent for maths and 83 per cent in history .
the kidney is ` the hardest thing to try and build ' , said professor little .
28-year-old mr wasdell , known as ` fudge ' was engaged to be married .
 jonti roos spooked by connection to missing malaysian airlines co-pilot .
 babysitter strangled 11-month-old girl with a scarf after gagging her .
she murdered baby when her british employer denied her leave .
the president could unveil his plan for the nsa as early as next week .
soon after , mr abbott jokingly shrugged off the error on monday night .
the adventurer then deployed his parachute to sail down over snake river .'
film has become internet hit in poland but police say skier is facing court .'
robbers got away with thousands of pounds in watches and jewellery .
raiders were in the store for less than a minute before making a getaway .'
at age 11 legally changed his name and fought for treatment .
now is the star of a new bbc documentary ' i am leo ' about his journey .
equivalent of 2.3 million jobs out of the economy by 2021 .
critics say it is first step to creating ` designer babies ' .
homes as far at two-and-a-half miles away could be reduced by 3 % .'
but parents robert and kathleen said they were unable to help .
she was taken to derriford hospital in plymouth where she later died .
charity said it is investigating but refused to comment further on the case .
ms zamora died from a gunshot wound to the head , authorities said .
glitzy goodie bags contain 70 products .
but she found the thought of being examine by doctors 'em barrassing ' .
the spaniard was also wanted by manchester city chief txiki begiristain .
 england squad followed by soldiers as they make their way to training base .
 anorexia could be caused by a mutation in the gene ephx2 .
the boys ' maternal grandmother had just been granted custody .
 daniel vorderwulbecke accused of harassing the 28-year-old actress .
37-year-old ` bombarded lohan with instagram pictures and texts ' .
comes as band prepares to perform on station 's live lounge segment .
 african skyhawk will soar to 80,000 ft sometime in 2012 .
 crash happened on house near santa monica airport .
has had botox , a breast augmentation and neck lift .
 keith willett , is nhs england director of .
 duke of cambridge has recorded a message urging people to stay safe .
celebrity fans of nets who include beyonce and jay z expected to be out in force .
 president obama said late last month that he would act on immigration reform if congress did not .
she sat in on literacy training class and mentoring scheme .
the 53-year-old was arrested by police in november after she was found living in queensland with her daughter , now 20 .
 kelly swoboda kept handwritten surveillance notes on about 20 women - where he rated them and marked whether they were alone .
his latest novel , listen to the moon , is set in the first world war .
 security in canada to be increased at us embassy in ottawa .
 adrian peterson was arrested on saturday for injuring his son .
parents huang yun and liu pingfen said a tearful goodbye to their son .
 cleveland cavaliers have stepped up their bid for lebron james to return .
i was n't best husband and father and want to say sorry to wife , ' he said .
owen greenan was sprayed with bear repellent couple bought in canada .
it will need to weight more than 107 stone if it is to break uk record .
the squash has a 15ft circumference and has to be lifted using a forklift .'
 brooklyn college student nova bajamonti announced that she was an illegal immigrant at an event in new york city today .
 report condemned olive tree primary school in luton , berkshire .
by trees .'
 woods lashed out at article in latest issue of golf digest magazine .
also says that he should be slots 1-5 in history 's five best golfers .
american painter jackson pollock is among his inspirations .'
 russia wants to award the medal of ushakov to britain 's arctic convoy veterans as a symbol of the country 's gratitude .
 the lumpsucker fish resembles the rolling stones frontman .
staff have started petition to bring the chaplain back .'
 lieutenant percy ` clem ' clement was one of ww2 's most decorated men .
discovery was made after analysing sediment cores from the scotia sea .
 high consumption ` raises premature death chance in younger people ' .
kwok was waiting for train with his wife and police have been unable to determine a motive .'
it contains incomplete illustrations of poses such as the ` inverted crow '
the fast food chain launched national breakfast day on monday .
 robot set to land on the moon in 2016 .
will compete for $ 30m google lunar x prize .'
 samsung has unveiled plans to reduce the number of models its makes .
said her mother , first lady michelle obama .
600 of them developed the cancer , which is the fourth most common among women .'
another child protection group received 30 reports of such images .
applicants have said they were forced to undress in front of 20 others .
couple were trying for baby for six years before mrs pratt fell pregnant .
the 27-year-old allegedly stole underwear off his neighbour 's clothesline .
police are appealing to find the owners of 15 of the stolen garments .
 father says boy was playing the game in his room in middlesbrough .
henley firm intelligent health says walking to school helps adhd sufferers .
several appear to show that they were uploaded from inside ukraine .
 doug fraser also told the coroner he thought some families were ` hotheads ' .
peshmerga reinforcements from turkey are preparing to join the fight .
the bbc rejected the chance to show bradford 's quarter-final tie .
liz cheney said on sunday that she ` believes in the traditional definition of marriage ' .
claim exceeding 6c warming was ` unlikely ' while exceeding 2c is ` very likely '
 brisbane police officers break out into ` nutbush ' on day two of the g20 leaders ' summit .
 gemma sheppard is show 's head stylist .
 triumph tr4 owned by southend-on-sea constabulary in 1962 .
police version had a pye radio , winkworth bell , .
mcilroy also won bmw pga championship at wentworth last week .
colleen rooney 's sister rosie died from rs earlier this year , aged 14 .
found dead in her lexus sedan on saturday afternoon .
he is now 95 per cent sure vermeer used a lens and mirror contraption -- proving hockney 's theory .
now told to change lot back to its original state .
 mubarek and ahdel ali sentenced for grooming teenage girls for sex .
she was found guilty of killing 49-year-old karen yong in a car crash .
 kell brook will return to the ring for the first time since being stabbed .
not our brendan .
de la hoya is hoping to bring mayweather and pacquiao into the ring .
 an american expert has documented his search for an 11 metre shark .
 rural tv station broadcast ` christmas ' songs by local choir .
they sang offensive carol which celebrates the holocaust .
he had been on an assignment to shoot the dinosaur provincial park .
steamboat ski & resort filed lawsuit , which has now been settled .
emerged that schelte was a dutch officer in the waffen ss during wwii .
 vadim andreev , 29 , from saint petersburg is a make-up artist .
thirty-two people were killed when the ship capsized in 2012 .
sufi muslims say it is the symbol used by them to refer to allah .
daughters promise to remain pure and give virginity to fathers to ` protect ' .
 new york-based events company red carpet kids recreates glamorous celebrity events for children 's birthday parties .
 kevin stevens , 50 , and luke jason , 31 , dressed as tennis stars for carnival .
mr oddy said spencer is relaxed , happy and loving despite his ordeal .'
the 20-year-old trained as a ballerina , before moving to moscow to study journalism at the peoples ' friendship university .
 nafees hamid was an award winning neurosurgeon working in birmingham .
the 51-year-old abused his position of trust to sexually assault six women .
 photographer ian schofield captured the brawl between a little owl and great spotted woodpecker in droitwich spa .'
 eddie ray routh taken to a mental hospital .
australian islamic fighters were reportedly killed in airstrikes last month .
before baryalei became a jihadist he worked as a sydney bouncer .'
girls are force-fed from age of eight to make them marriageable .
triple m radio station has reacted by banning the rock band 's music .
the pensioner , 70 , was visiting his facebook friend jamal jam wald nass .
 foreign secretary seen on frontbench mouthing remark at cathy jamieson .
 hunter marr died on january 6 , 16 hours after being discharged from hospital .
 woman barely alive when found after ` exorcism ' court heard today .
government accountability office found it 's virtually impossible for consumers to get accurate , reliable information .
and how they were told to call team management , rather than the police .'
defence said his ` racist family ' had brought him up with those values .
 physician ezekiel emanuel is a former obama health policy adviser .
ba later apologised for the blunder saying it was ` pre-scheduled content '
some of his parishioners called him ` flirty ' .
 father daniel mcfalls made the announcement in a letter .
bodies of the victims have remained ` frozen in time ' since the 5th century .
 mother joanna , 79 , completed stunning artwork in buckfast abbey , devon .
 chief constable shaun sawyer posted a picture of himself on twitter .
the clips have thousands of views and offers from international media .
victorian county court judge michael bourke believed milne was now a far more mature man that at the time of his crime .
lourdes torres-manteufel filed a lawsuit in texas on tuesday seeking $ 1 million in damages .
italian politician beppe grillo has wants to grill the commission president .
these so-called ' 9-enders ' were more likely to question the meaning of life .
they live in ministry of defence testing area at aberporth in cardigan bay .
 russia is to ban foreign nationals in same-sex relationships from adopting .
 staff were confused by students chuckling at imperial college , london .
the 93-year-old is colonel-in-chief of the queen 's royal hussars .
 british actress linda bassett , 64 , played cora in 2003 film .
birmingham school has both muslim students and those of other faiths .
information .
as of monday morning , brown had 17,000 followers on twitter .
margarita torres and jose ortega del rio say 3-year study proves theory .
85-year-old is handed three-month suspended sentence .'
 university of stirling 's hockey club filmed shouting and singing on bus .
 trade union feder fauna slammed over controversially-named prize .
while riding a 30-foor wave off of waimea bay in oahu , surfer stuck his head in water to remove the excess tissue .
 apparently ms ji-hyun ` did not actually use ysl lipstick ' and it was a rumor that ` spread like wildfire online '
 women in the south of the uk more likely to wear nothing to bed .
campaign has already gained nearly 2000 signatures .
now lives at naturist community spielplatz in bricket wood in hertfordshire .
security staff wore black uniforms from label with neo-nazi connotations .
documentary claim foreign workers were regularly frisked for food .
recording uses inflamatory language , calling dead teenager michael brown a ` thug criminal ' .
 pregnant duchess of cambridge wore a top by hobbs to charity event .
 obama 's air force one flight estimated at $ 3,271,611 .
 worrying scenes filmed at suburban skate park in new zealand .
she says it is a dark spot remover which lightens blemishes in seven days .
department for education describes trend as ` unacceptable ' .
 baroness warsi accuses critics of islam of being ` un-british ' .
she said weiner mistakenly called her and other interns monica .
 it has been claimed officers have interviewed wife of soldier n ` at length ' .
in 66 the gap widened faster than before the pupil premium was introduced .
 study by think-tank civitas revealed inspectors prefer ` trendy ' methods .
 arfaq hussain , 36 , taught at jame masjid mosque in batley , west yorks .
staff at colley lane primary school revealed the ban has been a success .
there are similar properties in the area on the market from about # 70,000 .
he has told pals he wants to move to old trafford .
a fan poll by a local newspaper found that 81 % of united fans are behind him .
 three inventors from cornwall came up with the steam-powered vehicle .
camera technology can detect minute changes of colour in person 's face .
she had been accused of double standards after staff at the hotel confirmed that they 'd received takeout orders from her household .  '
the hotel staff are shocked at the hypocrisy , ' said a source .
 giants beat the royals 5-0 to lead the world series 3-2 .
her patients have seen symptoms improve after changing their diet .
australian deputy pm says it is ` highly likely ' plane was on autopilot .
channel 4 said its compliance department had been ` overly cautious ' and that ` neither the word nor the context was unsuitable '
 robert zoellick will step down in june after five years .
those who live in the khyber pakhtunkhwa region say attacks occur daily .'
the gun was borrowed and it was not loaded .'
found that all 20 sites used software that enabled it to track its users .
she says she was dragged into a toilet cubicle and sexually assaulted .
student has returned home but fears that she could be extradited .
 census figures show that 620,000 white britons left the capital in a decade .
white britons are the minority in london for the first time .
 the maddoxjet coffin car is fitted with a 300lb pulsejet thrust engine .
during tests , oregon inventor robert maddox drove at speeds up to 60mph .
 gemma ball and dog , bella , disturbed intruder in back garden of stoke-on-trent home .
alex thanked everyone from around the world who donated money .
the study 's author , ed west , said the bbc ignored certain areas .
she tried to return the call to the vatican but without success .
letter refers to a ` -lrb- specific event -rrb- ' and a ` -lrb- specific item -rrb- ' .
leberge , an infantryman , was severely wounded in suicide bombing in afghanistan , which killed two of his comrades .
 education secretary said the homophobic language is ` medieval ' .
the young .
 the line hotel in la 's koreatown is the official hotel of hello kitty con .
 lawrence haygarth was attacked by his bull in a field near tebay , cumbria .
pc rowland is suing mr mitchell for saying he made up allegations .
 carl froch is boxer of the year for his performance against george groves .
fa are in the dock for way they went about trying to host 2018 world cup .
 floyd mayweather in talks to fight manny pacquiao .
braun had secret relationship with hitler in 1930s and they married in 1945 .
maria miller angry with bbc again a month after john inverdale gaffe .
 the anonymous note between office colleagues was posted on facebook .
mother of one of soldiers who died in march reported comments to police .
 the woman was said to be ` suffering unbearably ' because of blindness .
holland became first country in the world to legalise euthanasia in 2002 .
he wrote in a letter that the phrase was political and ` factually wrong ' .
 advert is to be withdrawn immediately after a ruling by the advertising standards authority .
an expert said it was a ` rare and unique occurrence ' to see a pod that big in the strait of georgia .
 samsung 's gear s and has a large 2inch curved amoled screen .
loudermilk was arrested at the airport after she reported him to a tsa officer .
candida gutierrez 's identity allegedly stolen by benita cardona-gonzalez .
 the death of the australian body builder champion was investigated by the nsw coroner .
thousands may have had applications rubber-stamped without full checks .
then on the brink of half-time he charged straight through rodriguez .
colorado legalized marijuana last year .
labour 's deputy leader harriet harman has yet to comment on the matter .
ings has scored seven premier league goals this campaign .
obama and vp joe biden both called al-ibadi on monday .
comes after french pm was accused of calling the poor ` the toothless '
kevin davies claims players do not seem happy under louis van gaal .
they promote their men-only version as ` hearty , strongly-spiced ' .
 danny ings has been in impressive form for burnley this term .
 axelle despiegelaere , 17 , was spotted in the crowd at the world cup .
one .
all three deny they are planning to leave the conservatives for ukip .'
leicester 's students ' union bans ` unwanted sexual comments ' .
instead he plans to raffle them off for charity , according to reports .
patrons and staff at the pub dubbed the man a ` legend '
 iraqi ambassador says corpses are being found with missing body parts .
shoppers have called for the logo to be withdrawn , branding it ` offensive '
the couple are in the middle of a two-week vacation on martha 's vineyard .
but court heard she has only completed 38 hours of community service .
but he has now gone back to liverpool with his wife following the threats .
now mrs gohil , 50 , will be allowed to ask for more in supreme court .'
 right-wing host labelled student sandra fluke a ` prostitute ' on the air .
 unknown complainant reported glasgow pub for sexism .
 jim davies claims thames valley police staff call romany people ` pikeys ' .
venables is a former england international player and manager .'
but she died as doctors were unable to save her after undergoing surgery .'
 england will face italy in a friendly match in march .
 ivory coast will play ghana in the african cup of nations final on sunday .
read : danny ings still a transfer target for liverpool .
balotelli was substituted in the 82nd minute for adam lallana .
among the punishments the college could mete out : scraping his name from the plaques that honor graduates .
 liverpool are hoping to sign danny ings on pre-contract agreement .
such a move was n't allowed under premier league rules .
 arsen .
 government ordered to urgently tackle britain 's pollution problem .
tewkesbury has been hit once already this year and suffered from devastating flooding in 2007 .'
 43 per cent of energy used came from abroad last year .
the striped diverter suit tricks sharks into thinking the surfer is poisonous .
 controversial campaign is for new plaid flannel shirt , $ 62 -lrb- # 41 -rrb- .
some believe english-speaking jihadists are leading the ` perfect life '
 distressed child and two women airlifted to safety from back of deluged truck in queensland .
ms bailey 's mother bella died on the ward in horrific conditions .
family were only told he was being held a week after he was imprisoned .
but chosen ale from brewery in ramsbottom , lancashire , fell foul of chiefs .
the label features black-faced morris dancers in nod to mining heritage .
canadian jetfm station fired dj justin ` drex ' wilcomes after outrcry .
 ebay-hating troll named as charles ` chuck ' fitch of canton , michigan .
troll calls himself ebayisajoke and harasses successful sellers on the site .
he claims her of lying and planning to start her own political party .
canstar survey shows 30 per cent of people will spend between $ 51 - $ 100 .'
said that they should feed their babies in the disabled toilet not at table .
ceremony held under tight police surveillance amid security fears .
 joyce and ivor woraker , 85 , went to aldi in colchester to do food shop .
couple had been parked for 109 minutes - overstaying by 19 minutes .
 angela johnson claims the 23-year-old attacked her while she was pregnant .
goodes said he considered mcguire ' a friend ' before comments were made on radio .
day before zeus disappeared , he turned up peculiarly partially shaved .
it 's believed zeus was bludgeoned to death with a hammer before he was found hanging from a tree .
 restaurant chain tweeted advert saying : ' `` i hate tacos '' said no juan ever ' .
but they also tested his semen which contained traces of the deadly virus .
retired social worker was dragged by the automatic rover 75 .
the deflated delicacy was auctioned off friday on a local radio station .
detectives have ` grave concerns ' for the missing mother-of-four 's welfare .
homeowner , 61 , escaped unharmed as he was outside signing for delivery .
 beverley stuart-cole , 48 , was repeatedly beaten by builder paul conway , 46 .
other ` write-ins ' included darth vader , optimus prime and wile e coyote .
filmed themselves skinny dipping and jumping on an ornamental crocodile .
 johannes stoetter , 35 , spent four weeks painstakingly planning creation .
authorities are trying to locate indian ` godman ' rampal maharaj .
19 of the 20 weather stations reported falling temperatures .
harry took over the invictus twitter account to send his first tweet .
honda , audi , toyota , hyundai and bmw are all working on hydrogen cars .'
 cuttings from prince charles 's yew hedges are used for cancer drugs .
 derek rigby jailed for 30 months for repeat abuse of dementia sufferer .
combination of hand symbols - ubotddstarl - represents her personality .
the symbol is an o shape with thumb and finger which opens into l-shape .
experts found that treatment improved the balance of people with ms .
 countryfile presenter had longed for a sibling for her young son zephyr .
 ethan roberts tried to crawl out of cot after being left alone for 15 minutes .
the custom-built car boasts more than 800 horsepower .'
quinton lost control of their car , sending it off the highway and down an embankment ; dobson was ejected from the car , which landed on her .
but do they work ?
 the footage was captured by english photographer eadweard muybridge .
her husband has an 18-month-old son with his ex , sara mckenna .
another appears to show a camelid , zig-zag lines and an unidentified bird .'
the secret service are underfunded and security lapses are more common .
for four years he has come up ideas of what to do with a wedding dress .
says it 's ` gorgeous ' and she gets lots of compliments wearing it .
it can be folded away and hidden within five seconds .
hessler told urena to stop and when he refused she hit him .
has caused controversy posing for glamour shoots .
freniere now lives out of his minivan in king of prussia , pennsylvania , as he ca n't find a job .
` this is illegal ' .
the unidentified man had been arrested five times for drink driving .
95 % of users noticed hair was thicker and stronger after three months .'
 a trenton man , 42 , awoke this morning with a sore back .
american airlines flight 11 crashed into the north tower at 8:46 .'
shoots in full hd and swims at end of 75ft cable .'
 sgt.
 budget supermarket 's first winter sports range .
she had just enough strength to ask his weight before going to icu .
research was conducted by the royal society for public health .'
 zachary maxwell wanted to show his parents that school meals were n't as healthy as claimed .
 david adam pate , 24 , seems to smile slightly in his mug shot as he sticks out his forked tongue .
woman , who uses name ` lola taylor ' , was raped and abused for hours .
she finally escaped by jumping out of a window and broke both her legs .
 william and brother harry are at country estate in cordoba , southern spain .
# 200m fund to repair potholes also announced by george osborne .
a customer took a photo of melinda halvorsen at the charles city , iowa , restaurant .
 private first class bradley manning had a history of suicidal thoughts and aloof .
he will be isolated at his bedfordshire school until his hair is ` rectified '
shows prince charles cradling his grandson , prince george , at christening .
` bow shock ' - like a sonic boom in space - does not exist .
users can do preliminary research on potential travel buddies .
country is ` living beyond its means ' , adds putin .
she accused brock to get more attention from her mother .
secret service found in her possession an unregistered 9mm handgun .'
 incident happened in festival street , rockville - in queensland 's south-east .
it turns into a second fight , which makes its way onto neighbour 's lawn .
 eu court of justice 's legal adviser threw out the government 's challenge .
the millionaire businessman 's murder had hallmarks of contract killing .
 jack the border collie is scared of doorbells , phones and even microwaves .
dogs trust are appealing for patient owners to rehome the border collie .
however he today contradicted his claims by saying the following day $ 30m was paid into government accounts .
party leadership says remarks are ` totally unacceptable '
describes homosexual lifestyle as ` personal bondage ' .
acquired a painful-looking giant scab which spans most of his arm .
 queens park rangers midfielder compared voting ukip to picky up ugly girls .
 footage was filmed at paul mccartney 's gig in san francisco this summer .
petition organiser is now pushing to have the item banned at other festivals .
her aboriginal friends have also experienced trouble renting houses .
the report showed indigenous australians are nearly three times more likely to be hospitalised for self harm .
 richard dart also ` talked about targeting officers from mi5 and mi6 ' .
grandmother-of-five 's husband colin helped out when she broke her wrist .
former home secretary forced to resign over failing to consider 1,000 foreign prisoners for deportation .
men aged 21 , 19 and 27 are from hounslow , high wycombe and hayes .
but no one spotted that the 21 stone expectant mother was pregnant .
neville was brought in as co-commentator by bbc for england vs italy .
saturday 's race marked their first marathon as a team .
staggering 20 million years .'
made remark during interview with radio 4 today presenter jim naughtie .
each of the 10 routes would be used by estimated 12,000 cyclists per hour .
ms karmel , 57 , allegedly fired mr salter after he rejected her advances .
plant was created by splicing genes from bioluminescent bacteria with a pot plant called nicotiana alata .
she secretly handed over boy for child rapist aaron hughes to abuse .
 cassidy goodison delivered boy in bathroom and strangled him .
retailer has dismissed her claims , but is no longer selling the pictures .'
 actress , 81 , reveals she has been ` inspecting ' old people 's homes .
 jackson martinez has claimed he will leave porto at the end of the season .
the car was reported as stolen and was running stoplights at 80mph .
days after they married , her parents are accused of strangling her .
 candace kelly , 64 , has been sentenced to 15 to 30 months in state prison .
 jonathan adleta , 26 , was given two life sentences for sexually abusing his two children .
 father marian rajchel carried out exorcism in jaroslaw , south-east poland .
one message , he says , reads : ` shut up , preacher .
mr veitch watched as she fell while collecting water with a billy can .
the 36-year-old tried to revive her after climbing down the cliff to save her .
dogs will ` use the force ' with petco 's line of ` star wars ' toys and clothing like princess leia with a headband sporting her signature bun hairstyle .
he was head of private islamic high school nur-ul-islam academy in florida .
rides down 60ft ramp and into a 16.5 ft diameter loop-the-loop .
post office owner sadaqat khan began filming him from his car .
the 27-year-old followed an elderly woman home and robbed her .
pair met on the internet and wesson picked lugo up from mexico .
dairy crest angry that mr dadds ' wife said firm 's ` milk and more ' slogan .
it is believed the film belongs to an unknown american tourist .
categories of disease and threat are denoted with different symbols .
the 55-year-old challenged a friend to a pickled egg eating contest .
care worker stanley nkenka was filmed hitting the teenager on the head .
 harry yeff , 24 , from east london , works under the name reeps one .
mrs taylor-pendlebury said she ca n't look at the pictures without crying .
the worker told onlookers that the cat was ` really clawing me up there '
his brother frank is also imprisoned , currently serving a 99-year sentence .
he is the 69th person to be executed in saudi arabia this year .
ex-human rights commission chair says findings should make us ` anxious ' .
stalker bought brooke a wedding dress and said : ` you 'll be my wife ' .
 motorcyclist has captured a kangaroo jumping blindly into oncoming traffic .
turkey : 200 flights cancelled after heavy snowfall .
cold weather expected to last through the week .'
the hour-long ` op ' involved 700ml of saline pumped into their chests .
pentagon is now expanding beyond current list of 50 targets in syria .
clarks apologised and said the firm never intended to cause offence .
 william pooley , 29 , contracted the virus in sierra leone working as a nurse .
 ukip leader challenged in the european parliament by mep nikki sinclaire .
farage was challenged over the ` responsible use of taxpayers ' money ' .
contested the seat for the conservatives in 2010 before joining ukip .
video emerged last year in which she discussed immigration .
birds have throats slit , but some remain alive when scolded with water .
 five-year-old devine was due to be adopted from a liberian orphanage .
love-child horatia was born in 1801 and letter sent shortly afterwards .
police are already investigating claims made by abu rashash on twitter .
a male passenger is seen intervening and puts himself in between the two .
 teachers accused of relying too heavily on internet and worksheets .
 the pontiff warned that the world is risking a doomsday scenario .
the 28-year-old housewife died at scene while children died in hospital .
firefighters found a fire alarm inside trailer with its batteries removed .
 presenter and radio 2 dj called residents ` roundabout-loving keynesian 's ' .
 ronnie lee , 24 , attacked with glass while on night out in bournemouth .
 omar el baf recently contacted his ex-fianc\xc3\xa9e on facebook .
 liverpool are keen on signing salt lake city forward brooks lennon .
it will go on sale in europe in may but the price has not been announced .
it was already dead when the fisheries department found it at bondi beach .
others said allowing workers not to serve alcohol or pork was ridiculous .
this detailed design is sent away to be printed in 3d ceramic .
 john cantlie is seen addressing the camera in slick propaganda video .
radioactive substance found on his belongings - including his toothbrush .
she always takes a duplicate of every outfit , all made by angela kelly .
fernando yensi , 33 , his grandmother 's husband , charged with manslaughter .
poseidon 's father , benjamin quinones , 23 , claims yensi hit him as a child .
it means there is a very low risk of passing the virus through sex .
 the new products , which range in price from $ 22.95 to $ 69.95 , will be available on hsn and in kohl 's in march .
28-year-old was flown to texas military hospital on friday .
 claire perry said parents must view children 's texts and internet exchanges .
paul percival , of percy and reed fame , is her hairdresser .
 castrillo matajudios has had that name since 1627 .
hurd says cosby touched her inappropriately and asked that she eat lunch with him in his dressing room when she worked on the cosby show .
women were more exposed to them but it did n't affect female fertility .
men worried about fertility should wash sunscreen off when go indoors .
two billion years later , the two galaxies will ` merge ' into one .
 pupils at all saints ' primary , lancashire , had chocolate bars for lunch .
he tells sacha baron cohen : ' i salute you '
during research , takata founded inflaters cracked but destroyed the results of the test , according to the times .'
` it 's not the only step ' .
coke were listed alongside the likes of youtube and google but have been dropped over their sponsorship of the sochi winter olympics .
green turtles can live up to eighty years in the wild and can grow up to 1.5 m in length and weigh up to 190 kg .
epa has asked homeland security for protection in its denver office .
they agreed to celebrate inside bars mostly in midtown .
made the allegation that elvis entered into an incestuous affair with his mother gladys .
richard branson bought necker island in 1978 when he was 27 years old .
were freed by scientists at vancouver aquarium at porteau cove , canada .
45-year-old only realised when he carefully checked his internet bill .
 gang members spotted after graffiti bearing their symbols was left in border center bathroom .
fellow hunter named corey knowlton as the winner who paid $ 350,000 .
also need more equipment to keep up with demand .
lucy even opens oven using paw .'
the machine tipped over , pinning the 48-year-old builder to the ground .
the mother of one of the surfers took a picture of her son and captured the shark through the break of wave .
 mark reckless claimed that ed miliband and labour were out of touch .
locations are plotted by nodes with cities as stars and circles for towns .
 mary shipstone was shot in head on the doorstep of her mother 's home .
alqudsi is a disability pensioner who lives in sydney suburbia .
inquest heard she was found dead in her home the following day .
he had been the principal of the branson school , a prestigious private school in marin county , since 2007 .
comes as player has criticized public via twitter for ` believing anything ' .
yet wilson expects people to use the untraceable system to buy drugs .
manchester united have not moved for juan cuadrado of fiorentina .
miss mahone 's children , joseph , 14 , and janiya , seven , ` hit by flying glass ' .
 the nest was reportedly found at a property on the island of tenerife .
williams was arrested but died shortly afterwards after being tasered .
 power-dressing is a thing of the past , says style director belinda earl .
naomi was diagnosed with gastroenteritis and still experiences symptoms .
had heavy workload - operating as head of two academy schools in kent .
it comes after an alleged office bust up between the show 's ep and a producer .
 city park is a fairground located in kabul , the capital of afghanistan .
 matt myles quit his job and jetted off with friends after winning # 1million .
the total engraving is 250 micrometres by 700 micrometres in size .
in italian style , cristoforetti will take first space-ready espresso maker along .'
 emirates airbus a380 shown undergoing the 3c-check .
female brown bear used trunks and branches to scratch her back .'
but they never suspected his mother as she was an ` expert liar ' .
smithey 's attorneys claimed she fired at him in self-defense .
however prosecutors said it was just rough , consensual intercourse .
 passengers exit blocked trams to collectively lift the vehicle off the tracks .
one woman was taken to hospital and a girl , 8 , suffered a facial burn .
 autumn/winter collection set to be third for lydia , 22 .
in 1963 , mortality rates among men were at twice the rate for women .
document argues flooding in some areas would be beneficial to wildlife .
they are strictly nocturnal and will sleep near sidewalks during the day .
 the secret service and u.s. capitol police are investigating the threats against obama and california rep. jackie speier .
he invited her to a ` party ' at his house , but no one else was there .
 matt bissonnette , a navy seal who claims to have been on the bin laden raid , sued attorney kevin podlaski .
professor sir mike richards said the hospital ` requires improvement ' .
 58 damages claims have been considered under scheme for alleged victims .
 marketing executive lisa carter knight claims airline refused to allow her to board flight .
knight was traveling to visit her sick mother in boston from philadelphia .
pastor wants people to trust in god not government .
cleveland police arrived at scene and asked youngster to put his hands up .
 concept for the spacedrive was put forward by roger sawyer in 2000 .
once she took it , she blacked out and woke up naked next to his pal .
west brom target ross mccormack and danny ings to replace shane long .
shenk , who also allegedly injured a trooper , arrested on several charges .
 the iconic lake district peak , blencathra , is on the market for # 1.75 m .
he is selling the 3,000 ft peak to pay off a # 9m inheritance tax bill .
hats are designed to look like characters including an alien and batman .
but prosecutors have decided not to pursue the death penalty .'
father , saul leetch , is in critical condition with 2nd and 3rd degree burns .
julia arcia , 17 , daughter of a former brooklyn prosecutor , allegedly sold $ 700 worth of lsd and cocaine .
identified as tanya byrd , 45 .
 competition commission said the spanish company must sell the essex airport to avoid a monopoly .
crashed the car into trees and was left with near-fatal injuries .
 public health england issued guidance for 16 days of action campaign .
 investigating officer says boxes of ` testosterone and needles ' found .
she posed as a waitress competing on a nondescript reality show .
 amy brown began playing rugby after being bullied about her looks .
 prof gloria moss claims that men and women see things differently .
a large police presence is expected throughout the week .
the man was recaptured and the street was taped off by police .
his children claim basildon hospital has ` given up ' on their father .
doctors say she will need dialysis and a kidney transplant .'
rosemary williams says her father fondled her when she was 12 years old and wants to prevent him from abusing others .
million dollar puzzle in mere seconds !
had been under pressure because of fears he could lose his livelihood .
ahmad seth , 26 , says his family has ` ignored all the speculation ' surrounding the pilot .
acevedo yesterday defended police behavior in the arrest of jogger amanda jo stephen .
police have warned letting off flares is ` dangerous and illegal ' .
five flares were let off in the second half of the match on friday night .
letter found in british board of film classification -lrb- bbfc -rrb- archive .'
but he suffered a cardiac arrest within a week and died the following day .
bullet trains were suspended and landslides blocked two major roads .'
 health workers jeered and threw gloves at mariano rajoy on his visit .
imperial college london scientists says it shows ` great potential '
he called kassig ` one of our brothers who sacrificed his life for the sake of god ' .
 two women painted as killer whales protest seaworld 's treatment of orcas .
 the baby was left in the car for about three hours .
says the pretty designs are practical and reflect her active lifestyle .
 wladyslaw haniszewsk was sent to poland after living in us for 30 years .
users will be able to check-in online and use their phone as a room key .
details of requests are sent to each wearer - who can accept of decline .'
 grace elizabeth anderson was born during atlanta snowstorm .
 electronic tags designed to do away with need for paper labels .
security officials now scouring each container one-by-one as they 're lifted off the ship .
 artist brandon balleng\xc3\xa9e has created art highlighting deformities in frogs .
these lasers target follicles and stimulate hair growth and development .
the 32-year-old was having an affair with beauty queen 's sister sofia .
it 's said there is no agreement on uranium enrichment and capacity .
 alton nolen , 30 , had just been fired when he drove up to vaughan foods in moore , oklahoma and ` attacked the first two people he saw ' .
 reinhold pratl drove 15 miles from his austrian home to a car wash .
 south carolina senator lindsey graham savaged report in tv interview .
he may have been living in portugal at the time of madeleine 's disappearance .
 labour peer viscount simon raises fears about impact of flatulence .
court papers claim he had an affair with colleague vanessa dennis , 32 .
police initially charged 16-year-old son with careless driving , but that charge has been dropped by the district attorney .
ended her days in unenviable property in toronto , where she died in 1960 .
the missiles have a range of 250 miles and can be fired from f-16 jets .
agustawestland a109s has space for nine and can fly up to 180mph .
 brett langford filmed a hillside while he was hunting tahr in new zealand .
shadow northern ireland minister said tom watson rigged leadership vote .
earlier this month she had her left leg removed from below the knee .
 migratory birds have been featured on radio 4 programme .'
atkinson 's failures should see his position reviewed in the summer .
activists say that the shirt sexualises girls and could be harmful .
 delaney templeton was excited about getting picture with classmates .
 the magical journey opened in wishaw in warwickshire on saturday .
the # 20,000-a-year school was named independent school of the year .
it came to rest hanging over the edge of hawes pier in south queensferry .
sir bernard warns of ' a change to the drumbeat ' over last few years .
players posed for pictures and signed autographs after the final whistle .
the american can be seen watching 10 scantily-clad women dancing .
arsenal ace continued scoring spree against venezuela on friday .
experiment means new protective measures will have to be found .
arsenal have won just 17 of 63 matches against man united , man city and chelsea over the last decade .
jamie carragher was disappointed at the side 's lack of leadership .
 the m4 motorway closed in both directions between junctions 1 and 3 in west london .
boston manor viaduct closed at 8pm yesterday .
the marine cracked his skull against the pavement - dying later in hospital .
 akai gurley , 28 , had just been offered a job with the city authority .
 war crimes investigator set to turn cases over to german authorities .
maren sanchez was stabbed to death in high school hours before dance .'
 ben urquhart has been described as ` selfless ' by his church family .
the 36-year-old from bathurst was out for the day at chifley dam in nsw .
he will appear in saturday 's live show at the festhalle frankfurt .
 manchester united beat arsenal 2-1 at the emirates on saturday evening .
he wants talks with arsene wenger over his future at the emirates .
 cesc fabregas was not available for the spain squad because of injury .
 liverpool face crystal palace at selhurst park at 1.30 pm on sunday .
wingers cristiano ronaldo and ricardo quaresma in training on monday .
the firm is now making good on its promise of reimbursing customers .'
 ryutaro nonomura , 47 , accused of wasting money on visits to hot springs .
 diego costa and cesc fabregas started for chelsea on saturday .
daughter apparently refused to do chores and complained about parents .
world war ii films stars benedict cumberbatch and keira knightley .
genetic mutation reduces individual 's ability to carry oxygen in blood .
he was eating a 6,000-calorie burger when he suffered a heart attack .
federer argued with stan wawrinka backstage after their semi-final .
gaston ramirez was sent off for a petulant kick on jan veronghen .
 angela merkel 's christian democratic union party issued plea .
 javier mascherano posted a photo of him and sergio aguero .
argentina beat croatia 2-1 in london on wednesday .
an ` enough is enough , wenger out ' banner was on show at the emirates .
cameron , clegg and miliband have all warned against # 7,600 pay rises now .
 eric champ has accused renfrewshire council of a breach of trust .
other memes show beckham jr dodging a bullet with neo in the matrix .
 temperatures are expected to reach 60 degrees on monday - melting the seven feet of snow that was dumped on the area last week .
the suit claims rosenkranz tried to buy nelson 's silence over the affair .
high winds have already caused monday delays at busy airports .'
janice dickinson told usweekly she wants ` justice ' for women .
stopped for a photo with well-wishers claire beard and emma noble .
ms beard , who calls the prince ` mr charles ' was delighted .
 south korean woman 's drastic change shocks online forums .
there have been calls for formula one to boycott russia .
bradley john murdoch was convicted of his murder but has protested his innocence .
the chef 's wife told the high court her estranged father was ` dominating '
had been serving a four-year sentence for burglary which began in 2013 .
in 2011 , stepney was arrested for avoiding a parole officer .'
in a taped confession , pedro hernandez , 53 , said he kidnapped the boy .
fiat factory worker bought them for # 20 and hung them on kitchen wall .
carnival is offering triumph passengers discounts on future cruise trips .
 pilot greg gribble had 20 years of experience .
shopper critically wounded in robbery attempt at los angeles wal-mart .
doctors warned her parents their daughter had a 10 % chance of surviving .
after signing up for ivf she became pregnant naturally in february 2013 .
aubrey o'day takes her dogs for spa treatments .
 by march latino population will outstrip the white population by over 70,000 .
army veteran is known as jihadi hunter after rescuing youths from syria .
three are in critical condition and three in serious condition in hospital .
the plot , which failed , has been dubbed the world 's biggest cyber crime .
police seized # 13.5 million worth of drugs when they raided a haulage yard .
nathan lost 80kg over the next five years and is now a personal trainer .
nicky thornley was walking his dog when his middle finger began to itch .
mr giardina would spend 15 hours a week in casino in iowa .
the # 70 designer perfume is endorsed by actress keira knightley .
 the 27-storey sydney by crown tower will not be complete until 2017 .
mr henderson is the longest serving newsreader , and hosted popular music show bandstand before his retirement in 2002 .
a pit bull parade was held in celebration on sunday .'
 miranda kerr , daisy lowe and arianna huffington swear by ` mindfulness ' .
plasterer had complained about chronic back pain to friends on night out .
easyjet has had a partnership with booking.com for two years .
ryanair says its flight network gives it an edge over easyjet .
the owners , however , claim that their computer system was hacked .'
 dmv gives google first license to test self-driving prius on public streets .
the bust formed part of a 15ft statue of hussein and weighs # 40kg .'
the image was created by stitching together 14 satellite shots taken by the visible infrared imaging radiometer suite .
however , he was beaten by a family from new york who installed 346,283 - but mr richards vowed to regain title .
he has hundreds of mini motors including scaled down replicas of classics .
the a431 in kelston , somerset , was closed following a landslip .
husband joseph , 28 , had initially planned to propose in a hot air balloon .
he was also stabbed 10 times during brutal attack in hayes , middlesex .
it is the third shooting in the area in the last week .
police discharged firearms after they were allegedly threatened with a weapon .
calls to the speaking clock topped # 6,000 during the period .
her classes between now and christmas have almost fully booked out .
her death has been ruled a homicide but the cause of his is still pending .
 mr and mrs zuckerberg , who were married on may 19 , holidaying in maui .'
but three days later lavoie killed his doting companion with a rock .'
 alexandre pato has been offered to hull city this month .
forino escaped with only minor scrapes and had his eyes flushed of shattered glass at the scene .
part of richardson gang in 1960s and infamous for pulling out rivals teeth .
brett fuller , a taxi driver who witnessed the attack , stopped to intervene .
the californian has been sentenced to six years in jail .
he fronted grammy-nominated christian band as i lay dying .
bands can be pre-ordered from indiegogo and prices start at $ 129 -lrb- # 82 -rrb- .
 gove calls current exam system ` grotesquely unfair ' to students .
the spacecraft has been on a mystery mission for nearly two years .
 campaign to find dogs was started on facebook and seen by 3.5 million .
 nice has approved the oncotype dx test for use on the nhs .
it could prevent thousands of women being over treated .
he ` had sex with multiple patients and former staff members ' .
i was at home .
the man has been accused of having a sexual relationship with a 14-year-old swimmer .
the mother , jessica aguilar , 24 , was also arrested and detained .'
weeks later on holiday 1,500 miles away in portugal he captured same bird .
 six messerschmitts from ` battle of britain ' sold in multi-million pound deal .
 nigel lashbrook from oakham school ran ` rules and rebellion ' week .
 maya shelkovaya made it to the final of russian pageant miss games .
lgbt fan group though they were meeting a like-minded group .
henley , 32 , admitted six charges of making indecent images of children .
 jan koum , 37 , moved to california from the ukraine when he was 16 .
 storm on wednesday could bring winds of up to 60mph , heavy rain and snow .
 the california bar association says attorney svitlana sangary photoshopped herself into more than 50 pictures with celebrities .
 hitler wanted to bring back animals that had been extinct for 9,000 years .
project overseen by herman goring - who wanted to hunt the creatures .
 steve smith , 52 , used his own online estate agency to list the property near bridgnorth , shropshire .
layers of frost and clear skies this morning created spectacular scenes in london , cornwall and wales .
 the data was compiled using 43 million public profiles on geni.com .
 religious studies teacher stuart kerner is accused of having sex with pupil .
video shows curious cub hua ni enjoy attention from zookeepers .
nspcc : law of consent is there to protect children from themselves .
spark drifted into pit , igniting methane which had built up over time .
station 20 minutes before he picked up odin lloyd .
chocolate-lover took two-and-a-half years to perfect her design .
 home secretary theresa may unveiled anti-extremism policies yesterday .
 melbourne woman is swallowed by three metre deep sinkhole .
it took over half an hour before she caught her neighbour 's attention .
 video filmed in tokyo train station shows mother kicking daughter in head .
range is full of lbds and glitzy bodycons .
when placed under a uv light , a northern lights landscape is illuminated .'
 roxanne pallett , 30 , has dropped from 8st to 7st for new role .
clocks spring forward on march 11 in u.s and march 25 in uk .
 found in st-omer , the book is the first compilation of the bard 's plays .
 duke and duchess reportedly planned to stay there during upcoming us visit .
the royal has had a difficult few weeks because of father 's illness .
gonzalez admitted to police that he knelt on his son after he fed him .
her son fired a single shot with a ` high-caliber ' handgun he found .
wilson won lma manager of the year in 1997 during first barnsley stint .
range includes ` pirate queen lottie ' and ` robot girl lottie ' .
general sutarman made the comment in front of airline officials and senior police in jakarta .
winners claim a gold , silver or bronze cravat .
six chelsea players do make mnf 's team of the season though .
with a smartphone .
arsenal 's win against leicester means the gunners have earned 18 points .
one of them somehow manages to cling on to infant despite driving rain .
 helo\xc3\x8csa pinheiro inspired the song ` girl from ipanema ' in the early 1960s .
she suffers from angina , back and neck pain .
some holidaymakers paid for taxis or ferry tickets at their own expense .
ryanair is offering full refunds to those who paid their own way .'
holidaymakers can also splash out on # 2,000 champagne bath .
gang was behind the murder .
he travelled around michigan , new york and pennsylvania taking photos of abandoned hotels .'
 darnell barton was going along his usual route in buffalo when he spotted the woman at the other side of the rail .
 daniel loeb is alleged to have been involved in a crash in cuba in 2002 .
 25-year-old is arrested as plane is forced to divert to bermuda .
thomas cook thank other passengers for their patience with diversion .'
 dr nathalie macdermott spent a fortnight in liberia earlier this year .
 sam amos , uk 's only rumpologist , appeared live on itv 's this morning .
did bottom readings for kelly brook and rhianna from photographs .
around june 2010 , katherine became pregnant .
a total of 40 prints will now go on display at the high museum of art in atlanta , georgia .
depot stored up to 13million artillery shells with a range of about 1km .'
source says mrs roberson is hurt and feels betrayed by the move .'
 green coffee extract contains fat-busting chlorogenic acids .
demi moore , katy perry and j-lo are rumoured to use them .
experts say rates may not be passed on by banks in debt-ridden countries .
site is expected to discount more than 3,000 items with at least four million orders set to be placed at end of week .
girl 's mother said daughter cried as she said she had been taped to chair .
she said her seven-year-old ` clung to her for dear life ' as she explained .
theory is backed up by a study of tribes in kenya with these traits .
but in major privacy breach , vodafone mistakenly disclosed mass records .
estimate a 75 % chance of the virus reaching france in that time .
 peter atkinson was jailed for 40 weeks in july for harassing ex-girlfriend .
he also cancelled her university course and posted naked pictures of her .
android users can disable this feature by installing the android apk .
 the close-up shots were taken by belgian photographer ellen cuylaerts in the bahamas .
diver debra canabal is captured feeding dangerous tiger shark by hand .
 company to produce brand of milk as it moves away from sugary drinks .
 a real life barbie would have an 18 '' waist , a 36 '' bust and 33 '' hips .
they sang songs , took photos and handed out presents .
ulbricht , known online as ` dread pirate roberts ' , has advanced degree in chemical engineering .
 putin has organised a gig in moscow with the american boyband .'
institute for fiscal studies says pensioners are better off then workers .
 the discarded rubbish appeared ` overnight ' on council-owned land near to purfleet railway station in essex .
police have released the footage in hopes of locating the offender .
the owners said they only bought the cafe seven hours before the attack .
 the nissan driver was rammed into at traffic lights in moscow .
locals are baffled and claim the river just has normal estuary fish in it .'
last year he cut the time it takes to switch accounts from 30 days to seven .
however , bankers do not believe the change will make any difference .'
sarah must now pay # 4,000 for dna test to prove that he was the father .
couple count duke and duchess of cambridge among their close friends .
supermarket has launched investigation led by chief executive dalton philips .
of the communal surfaces are infected .
royals expected to take 16-month-old prince george on trip with them .
 83 percent of americans recognized bill gates .
president of the body said : ` we have withdrawn the note and we are sorry '
scientists are yet to open the bottle , which they say contains selters water .
two other apartments in the complex have sold for almost $ 10 million .'
prasad , a talented ophthalmic surgeon , has been suspended for 6 months .
some english colours are based on objects , such as gold and ruby .
a report claims the population has increased by 4.6 million since 2001 .
migrationwatch uk said immigration placed services under pressure .
crumbling concrete seen on the roof where two tower blocks are touching .
 farmer treating sick daughter , 6 , with smoke from burning medicinal herbs .
many of the balloons had to be inflated by hand after the pumps brok .
new research has branded the uk ' a honeypot destination ' for migrants .
some believe mayans predicted end of world on dec 21 , 2012 .'
before the room was a cluttered , outdated , mismatched mess .
former premier league footballer jumped in front of a lorry in december .
the fab four were ranked above the television , internet and the toilet .'
 nick crews sent an email to his three children speaking of ` disappointment ' .
baryalei fled from sydney to syria to join the islamic state .
 audrina cardenas suffered from extremely rare condition where heart grows outside of chest cavity .
 panicked locals in luckenwalde called police saying the rhino had escaped .
on a second call-out they saw the animal being walked by its keeper .
the circus did not understand the fuss over walking the rhino in public .'
claimed her body had been dumped in the barragem da bravura reservoir .
they connect to a smartphone app wirelessly via bluetooth .
 a random man was spotted streaking along a suburban street .
 cocoon tree suspends sleepers amongst the foliage .
 predatory gang ` threatened 13-year-old so she would have sex with them ' .
police urged to monitor radical clerics in britain to see if comments on woolwich killing break the law on inciting hatred .'
michael adebolajo , 28 , has been identified as one of the two men suspected of murdering drummer lee rigby , 25 .
the teenagers had been on their way home from a movie on friday .'
she said : '26 years !
 gaga and bennett perform together in the ` magical holidays ' ad .
 28-year-old model fronts nelly.com 's icon range .
often lifts over 100kg , or the equivalent of a kitchen fridge .
duke handed top award to herizo andrianandrasana of madagascar .
her husband michael said she ` sobbed ' because of lack of acting work .
owners then told of online video showing ` torture and killing of animal ' .
miss sears has been in a relationship with murray for more than nine years .
launching pop-up at westfield to raise funds to help fight ebola .'
she also called ferguson victim michael brown ' a thief and a thug ' .
 hall of fame great oj simpson 's show will be called holy safari .
she 's fed up with rosie o and is demanding j.lo hair .
b. smith opened up about her battle with alzheimer 's disease in june .
clinton was attending an event at chatham house to pick up an award .
 chanel has defended keira 's advert as ` playful and sensual '
hand .
mikel arteta had to come off after injuring his calf during the game .
 jose mourinho 's side are unbeaten at top of the premier league .
film star keira knightley is a lifelong hammers fan .
he finished 67 points clear of his mercedes team-mate rosberg .
asked mother after catrina fox inexplicably jumped into the freeway .
 chelsea 's diego costa was training ahead of his side 's match with schalke .
 man united target zakaria bakkali has been demoted to psv 's b side .
mayweather considering rematch clause should he lose the bout .
the open and us pga champion posed with a kangaroo on tuesday .
andrade says sanchez sent her pictures while he was on disneyland with his girlfriend laia grassi .
23-year-old also claims he invited her to dinner ahead of the world cup .
 hundreds of videos uploaded to youtube by protesters each day .
it 's their choice ! '
prior had previously acted as peacemaker for pietersen in 2012 .
10 insists uk ` should n't be afraid ' of saying it stood up to aggression .
 prince harry took part in a service of remembrance in central london .
 christopher wilson was ordered by a judge to hand over his password .
blue nissan note then pulled out to change lanes without checking mirrors .
 tommy robinson , former edl leader is to speak to students tonight .
survey then randomly assigns a criminal category and 25 items .
 supermarkets have slashed the price of champagne for the xmas rush .
ms jallah was with thomas eric duncan when he was taken to a dallas hospital .
pental , who denies cheating and forgery , was taken into custody .
mammoth is thought to be a male who weighed more than six tonnes .
 alex honnold , 29 , is the first person to climb the cliff without a rope .
when it freezes , workman-reynolds effect creates a change in charge .
 will casson-smith lured girl to room to ` try his luck ' with her , court heard .
when obama was re-elected , peterson wrote ` sorry to all the rich white men .
fellow students describe peterson as having a ` hateful spirit '
mr palmer also made a personal donation of over $ 100,000 .
 former pm called for ` strong ' political lead to appeal to voters ' ` aspiration ' .
she has now set up facebook page to help track down the stolen animal .'
 thriller writer simon kernick developed stomach ache after eating cherries .
26-year-old 's family has been raising money for charity for 12 years .
 a survey by kayak.co.uk found passengers are ill-mannered on flights .
the couple have been named locally as derek and sheila hawkins .
ikea apologised and offered # 100 compensation to family after incident .
 adelaide court sees distressing cctv footage of jason lindsley knocked down by a single punch in a city nightclub in august 2012 .
thought that she was ` too ugly ' to find love and spent years hiding indoors .
has now married husband scott after finding courage to ask him out .
 photographer colin mackenzie captured the amazing images in svalbard , norway .
it took over half an hour before she caught her neighbour 's attention .
abbott was seen for the first time after the incident , walking into scg .
tested on 20 volunteers by the national institutes of health .
alyssa pearce says she does not want her parents at her wedding .
andrea gonzalez , also 13 , also died when she was hit crossing the road .
she had cared for animals at sanctuary in county durham for 20 years .
it came after high salaries including # 6m for ex-bbc star jonathan ross .
 neva elliott publishes book on 123 ways to encourage imaginative play .
but she was shocked to be told the teenager would have to undergo test .
unboxing videos on youtube have more than a billion views combined .'
royal mail relies on deliveries in urban areas to subside rural services .
owners of squalid shed franck franoux and partner florence carrasco are appealing 30 year sentences for rape , kidnap , torture and slavery .
the adopted two brothers and then felt compelled to adopt their siblings .'
 st. louis ' gateway arch was allegedly a bombing target of brandon orlando baldwin and olajuwon ali davis , who were arrested on friday .
many of the 70 passengers helped dislodge plane and move it backwards .
, ' wrote a customer named susan along with the receipt with a $ 1,000 tip .
police have released images of the man and appealed for witnesses .
 single-car crash occurred wednesday morning in dallas .
 new debate between academics over sexuality of william shakespeare .
sir brian vickers said claim is anachronistic as love is more complicated .
expectant parents can see unborn baby smiling and kicking in the womb .'
 woman named by police as becca campbell , 26 , ` had bought the gun for defense ' .
cancer experts said she would have survived if not for treatment delay .
 angelic youngsters who knocked john lennon from number one reunited .
google said it wants the cars to drive ` the way other people drive ' .
 ohio woman contisha hayes , 21 , and her sister , tamara delaney , 21 , were in the kitchen cooking the fritter when they ` started to play fight ' over the treat .
her sister is undergoing treatment at akron city hospital .
their faces are painted white and they are all wearing different dresses .
man was forced to return to his seat after swearing at crew .
pope francis tours the crowd for around 30 minutes during the occasion .'
over 60 years later , engineers have uncovered remains of the buildings .
the small cessna was spotted circling in the air for about an hour .
tracking can be switched off by users in the twitter app .
this is the second time she 's attended the state volunteering congress .
the dragon car has wings on its doors , claws on the wheels and a long tail .
family got suspicious when their cat refused to go into the kitchen .
jazz saxophonist wants the public to know how his daughter lived .
children of dunblane have made congratulations cards that she 'll deliver .
wilson claimed that brown had tried to wrestle his gun from him .
they are the latest group to snub music streaming service spotify .
i stand by what i did .
had first surgery in 1999 after she was mistaken for her sister 's mother .
when she called the station the next day , there was no record of her report .
 kosta karageorge , 22 , told his roommate that he was going for a walk .
has not been seen at the columbus campus since he left the apartment .
were taken to vet , checked over , then handed to the dogs trust .
 edward hernandez , 28 , lives in bogota , colombia , with his family .
some dogs trust dogs also appear in the exhibition .
the royal was learning about literacy schemes within the prison .'
the woman will appear in court via video-link on december 12 .
lucie russell from charity young minds agrees apps can be positive .'
she was recovering in hospital after surgery for a broken thigh bone .
 kawah ijen volcano in east java , indonesia , produces molten suphur which leaks from its sides .
those who gain weight in january gain average of 2.4 lb .
1,915 uk men and women surveyed by voucher cloud .'
he was set to be executed wednesday by lethal injection .
companies will be paid to reduce demand or switch to their own generators .
victoria beckham , angelina jolie and kate moss love their lbds .
he used spy pen to film the abuse , which he has now admitted .
 former british pm was sat with maria boschi and marianna madia .
tickets for the democratic national committee event range from $ 1,000 to over $ 32,000 .
gilmore started surfing at the age of 10 with the help of her dad .
lg 's g watch r with a circular face topped the wearables category .
 fans at london euston stopped from getting on trains as they are too full .
manchester united envisage no delay to 4pm kick-off despite travel chaos .
they just wear me out ' .
kingston college student died in hospital of a stab wound to the heart .
 manchester united signed nick powell for # 4million from crewe in 2012 .
a third video of him emerged showing him destroying his passport .
 artist and photographer jessamyn lovell had her identity stolen in 2011 .
 manchester united rescued a 1-1 draw against west ham at upton park .
 award-winning technology was created by cobalt light systems .
 sekou sanogo poked the visitors into the lead after milan vilotic 's header was saved by tim howard .
fellaini came off the bench against preston to help united win .
 2011 census data shows 50.4 per cent of births were from ethnic minorities .
they are now employing number plate cameras to track criminals .
city now face liverpool in the premier league on sunday .
both relate to 2011 sale of rangers before club went into administration .
 research has modelled in detail a historic and deadly tsunami .
but officials confirm animal was only recovered because cattlemen had contacted them .
they were dangling from a scaffold for nearly an hour before being rescued .
the norwegian boss will receive it on top of his # 13m annual pay package .
believed that one of the babies they trafficked was their newborn daughter .
the 22-year-old was dressed as a samurai warrior and carrying a sword .
 her majesty 's inspectorate of constabulary said victims being let down .
keepers have n't yet approached the cubs to ascertain weight and gender .
 garth chamberlain faked modelling job for his girlfriend in favigana .
 sergei pugachev has been placed on interpol 's ` red notice ' wanted list .
 more than 1,700 injuries and deaths involving honda cars unreported .
eggs were said to have been lucky charms and used to ward off evil spirits .
 reality tv stars have lost a total of 20 stone between them .
may be linked to phillip ii of macedon , alexander the great 's father .
the 25-year-old is currently on loan at sao paulo from corinthians .
pato has scored 12 goals in 30 appearances for the brazilian outfit .'
around an hour later , it was sighted by another resident in nearby street .
animal 's whereabouts remain unknown ; police appealing for information .
it referred to the ` frequent and recurrent police shootings or fatal pursuits of unarmed black individuals . '
scientists at the university of auckland conducted the ` experiment ' for fun .
 shoppers today lined up for deals on marijuana in colorado , which legalized recreational weed in january .'
 chef is challenging claim he 's liable for # 640,000 rent on london pub .
scientists have developed a new drug which can reduce symptoms .
south london mp sadiq khan , ` looked at his mobile ' while at the wheel .
 labour leader said he does not believe in god - but does still have ` faith ' .
 angel thomas has business selling pet clothes in the heart of liverpool .
but regular drinkers cut their chances of getting pregnant to 70 per cent .
it was said to have been created with help from sony 's product division .
 21-month-old poppy boothroyd was knocked over by a reversing van .
mundo deportivo also criticised ` average ' barcelona .
but on friday , judge barbara jones ` vacated ' the footballer 's suspension .
 alan henning , 47 , was providing aid in syria when taken hostage last year .
only member identified so far is leader mushin al-fadhl who was killed .'
 migrants out of work for three months ` should be kicked out of the country ' .
party was for 16th birthday of a brit school dancer at her bromley home .
 british champions day features five group races at ascot .
opens to the public on may 21 after 13 years of construction .'
 feyenoord have placed a # 5m asking price on tonny vilhena .
ronald koeman is keen to bolster southampton 's midfield .
 driving student joseph franks , 16 , and instructor thomas smith , 48 , were both killed after franks drove past a stop sign during a monday afternoon lesson .
reopened on friday and bills .
treated femail to behind the scenes teaser shots .
father , u.s. citizen daniel wani , pictured with baby girl in khartoum jail .
he says mothers with up to 15 children lose them into care regularly .
 reconstruction was made using more than 190,000 individual lego bricks .
opa-locka police department subject to 41 internal investigations last year .
 japan scrambles warplanes after ` russian intrusion over its territory ' .
pastor forced to remove sign after police investigated it as a ` hate incident '
nazario moreno gonzalez led the la familia cartel .
 emily and caitlin copeland , from houston , were born conjoined at the liver .
mcilroy wore black ribbon on his hat as mark of respect for phillip hughes .
manny pacquiao has again called out mayweather to step up and fight him .'
louis van gaal poked fun at the mistake in his press conference .
seattle seahawks dominate defensively in 19-3 win over 49ers .'
 manny pacquiao defeated chris algieri in macau last saturday .
talk is now intensifying over a fight with floyd mayweather .
the bolton boxer has to beat devon alexander in december first , though .'
chelsea boss plans to reward his teams unbeaten start to the season .
eric daniel hughes may have had connections to the site .
 cyclist was riding through dublin wearing a gopro helmet camera .
during an internet search she realized her name appears surname first on her passport as alic aida , which is similar to terrorist network al qaeda .'
 emergency landing made in canadian town of goose bay , newfoundland .
co-pilot started to feel nauseous before unscheduled stop was made .
 harry , 20 , is a huge fan of paige denim .
the messages are in aid of london poppy day .'
but 63 % of doctors say they see more psychological patients at full moon .'
 the lion climbed a tree to enjoy some shade at antelope park in zimbabwe .
 dara taylor of elyria , ohio found the 5-month-old kitten on her way to work monday .
shadow health secretary andy burnham attacks 38 % sugar cereals .
schumacher , from colorado springs , claimed he had been trying to get to his brother 's wedding 600 miles away .
the messages are in aid of london poppy day .'
 ukip on course to defeat the conservatives in by-election on november 20 .
terrified animal was found on rocks half-a-mile out to sea .'
 austrian anti wage dumping act could come into effect on january 1 .
he faces life in prison when he is sentenced for this murder charge .'
follows launch of fire phone and fire tv box .'
 the thieves were filmed breaking into the artisan lounge in ayrshire .
book claims tracking software on plane was too basic .
this includes microorganisms that live on human skin and in saliva .
mayor ousmane halle : ` it is the history of timbuktu , of its people '
 coenzyme q10 is first drug shown to reduce heart failure deaths in a decade .
chemical weapons attack could have been launched by regime without president al-assad 's permission .
lenovo claims the software does not ` substantiate security concerns '
out of more than 1 million fire departments in the u.s. , 87 per cent are staffed entirely or mostly by life-saving volunteers .
she said she felt like she was being bullied and has filed for divorce .
 exhibition includes four beautiful eggs made for the russian tsars .
240 faberg\xc3\xa9 objects made of gold and precious stones will be on display .
 patricia lefranc , 48 , left disfigured after sulphuric acid attack .
ceo steve hannah has said he is ` deeply sorry ' for ` offensive ' tweet .
can beat sighted friends at mortal kombat games and rock band .
 norwegian forest cat ranks as heaviest in britain .
 yahoo!
but a new study shows these trends are consistent with el ni\xc3\xb1o and la ni\xc3\xb1a .
 aisha al-khan , 34 , sentenced to 12-month conditional discharge today .
so mr mcdowell thought up the ` amazing surprise ' while on tour .
tourists are posting photos to social media which can be seen by poachers .
 chelsea keeper courtois now he has to prove he is the present and future .
 ales basista , 53 , from stupva in the czech republic has raised two lions .
he is the second cia agent known to have been exposed by u.s. officials .
van gaal is a winner and has the belief of the players and fans .
getting cook back to his batting best more important to england than his captaincy .
the 24-year-old brazilian completed his switch from villarreal this week .
 mats hummels wanted by both premier league clubs in # 25million swoop .
 chambers signed for arsenal in a # 12million deal from southampton .
southend keeper daniel bentley is the oldest of the line-up at 21 .
it has been created to celebrate youtube 's geek week .
 cows lie down when it is cold and stand when it is hot , research shows .
 justin kripps has been barred from his own site while in sochi .
 jesse capen , 35 , was ` obsessed ' with finding his fortune in arizona .
 robin boness , from torquay , had 30 years ' experience as an electrician .
was struck by falling cable decapitating him and ripping off his right arm .
body left hanging for five hours as crews were unable to bring it down .
victim who worked for independent company has not yet been identified .'
 chilling video shows children recreating the murder of coptic christians .
with nowhere to go he turns around again and this time ducks past .
seth then explains he means marriage is not about him - it 's about his wife , kim , and their family .
soon after , club legend carles puyol announced his departure .
tottenham will go into north london derby thinking they are equals .'
 kevin pietersen 's autobiography has caused huge controversy .
she now feels her ` life is complete ' following the ceremony .
 proposals by shropshire clinical commissioning group to close and downgrade accident and emergency departments .
 jose mourinho confirms diego costa will start against liverpool .
actor anton kosenko flown in from moscow to address public rally .
island .
 ` once more for bobby ' documents the life and times of sir bobby robson .
the green bay packers had lead 19-7 but the seahawks scored 15 points in 44 seconds to go ahead .
zuckerberg says her brother mark zuckerberg is ` supportive ' of her new books .
 england beat australia 26-17 at twickenham on saturday .
 judge nigel peters 's comments condemned by campaigners and pm .
lessons must be learned by england and the other home nations .
these include abortions despite then going on to have healthy babies .
 the cat cafe will open on july 30 at 375 queen street , melbourne .
why did cricket get so excited about moeen ali 's wristbands ?
united are not playing fluently and will need michael carrick to stay fit .
workers had to remove it to prevent sewage flooding into people 's homes .
premier league meets league one in capital one cup semi-final first leg .
 study of over 5,000 american adults found link between health and habitat .
 there were 144,758 background checks done last year .
but now they have finally found happiness with teacher jasimuddin ahmad .
while they say there is intimacy , love is founded on fun and companionship .
if so , arsenal and chelsea will look to monaco 's joao moutinho .
it is safer and easier to use than forceps or a ventouse .
 between 200-300 students at south high school took part in melee .
he built a dummy app and used reverse engineering to connect to a server .
higgins jr warned he faces jail after he admitted the robbery in january .
 lamborghini veneno roadster goes from 0-60mph in under three seconds .
winemaker 's deep red salt is perfect for steak lovers .
 reforms to surgeries proposed by health secretary jeremy hunt .
surgeries to have ofsted-style ratings and national inspector appointed .'
 met office is to open a space weather operations centre on wednesday .
later mitchell confirmed that he does n't have the deadly disease .
the two met and married at the age of 17 without their parents permission .
 judge even agrees with defendants that girl ` looked 14 ' .
but he thinks there are at least five players better than him in the world .
ancient texts claim they were built in the iraqi city of babylon in 600bc .
 elizabeth stringer keefe had been looking for the six individuals from a wedding photo found in the rubble after 9/11 for 13 years .
 saints duo collect manager and player of the month awards for september .
 canine nutrition expert says big business sells food unfit for dogs to eat .
it is believed the contaminated meat has come from america .'
 roma interested in signing chelsea frontman fernando torres .
the gnome was bought from target .
mainly muslim group has members as young as ten with ` knives and guns ' .
however , from his wheelchair , he could still play coldplay on the piano .
said that she was experimenting with ways to transport fluffy cat .
that year the beatles took over .
defence analysts say they are consistent with shrapnel from a missile .
one of the sons spoke to mother zubeidat ` vaguely ' about jihad .
 married mother-of-two andrea conners , 34 , convicted in kentucky .
 graham axford jailed for four months for benefits fraud .
 anderson and wilfried zaha have left united after failing to make the grade .
 utah father and daughter were both charged on monday with incest .
george boyd has covered record distances on four separate occasions .
but he 's a changed dog after falling in love with geraldine the goose .
it oversaw knowl view school for boys with behavioural problems .
local authorities now believe it is ` highly unlikely ' that the woman has ebola and she was allowed to leave the local hospital .
the shark inspected tourists swimming in a reinforced dive cage .
the first sequel will be released in 2016 , with the others following in 2017 and 2018 .
have been named zheng hanjing and zheng hanwei by staff .
due to undergo tests to see if they share any vital organs .'
city and business group are co-funding redevelopment .'
hotel will feature 21 suites , an underwater bar and diving centre .
 the bbc has been accused of covering up details of the controversial raid .
 nick , 27 , who takes on the role as their father , is actually their birth mother .
charlie craig and david mullins got married in massachusetts but wanted a cake to celebrate their union in colorado .
 shelli eldredge , 40 , of utah , suffered crash on holiday .
 january said : ' i have been every colour and now my hair .
 the department for work and pensions revealed spending since 2010 .
after his death in may 1160 , erik was named the patron saint of sweden .
the vulnerable girls were told that it was part of somali ` culture ' .
 spreadthat !
for divers .'
needed 100 stitches after the incident ; he is now recovering in hospital .
 hollande visited guinea where more than 1,200 have died from ebola .
ten-hour radio show of nineteenth century novel is lined-up for listeners .
but another said it was to stop competitors from copying designs .
 astonishing close shave revealed by retired commander ryan ramsey .
 sally estabrook , 75 , was last seen in a san diego park on october 4 .
 martin macneill , 56 , has been charged with murder and obstruction of justice for the 2007 death of his wife .
will be apple 's first move into subscription services for music .
 device is intended to be attached to a surfer or swimmer 's ankle .
he fled with his grandmother as girls berated him for stringing them along .
 alyx milne has wrote dissertation about the mammals ' whiskers .
miss milne will have her research published as it 's the first of its kind .
 the rollercoaster is spiraled around a huge metal tower in orlando , florida .
 videos of light appeared on youtube with many claiming it to be an ` alien ' .
but operator told the father computer showed ambulance ` was n't needed ' .
chemical found in window cleaner and can cause cancer .
 jeff bauman sr spent an hour calling son 's cell when he heard bomb news .
 pensions minister steve webb issues bleak assessment of life in old age .
it has the same conductivity of many metals and can be rolled into a film .
gave warning to investors in row over chief executive position for lund .
 simeone wants to bring santi cazorla to atletico .
 the government is getting near-daily reports of drones flying near planes .
 there has been a 66 % jump in near-misses reported in the last 10 years .
veena feared she 'd lose her baby boy abram when controversy erupted .
 ryan sheppard , 18 , admitted the murder of mark roberts , 35 .
mother describes sheppard as ` face and voice of evil ' in court statement .
giroud watched arsenal qualify for the champions league on tv .
it was the # 30m signing 's first goal in an arsenal shirt .
 christopher colbert welcomes race debate caused by grace 's advert .
law firm ford & warren solicitors report they are owed substantially .
after clenching the camera in its jaws , it launches it across the enclosure .
 kamila filshtinskiy , 6 , wants to buy costumes and cuddle people for free .
 the largest ever ship of the australia navy , the hmas canberra was commissioned in sydney on friday .
 trick shot specialists dude perfect performed the feat at in dallas .
she wants to be part of the first permanent human colony .
latest project is as star of panache 's new tropical lingerie range .
 a six-month-old quokka has captured the hearts of toronga zookeepers .
she was charged with six counts of unlawful sexual activity and 20 more counts were added wednesday after another student came forward .
 physicians in toronto compared bacteria found on toilet surfaces with those extracted from the button panels in lifts .
jones refused to disclose in court who she gave the footage to .
 newborn whale calf had temporarily lost its mother in sea off the azores .
the house in rochester belonged to white van man , dan ware .
the 59-year-old could be jailed for up to 25 years for the offences .
attorney general brad hazzard is ` extremely concerned ' about the action .
 bristol zoo has launched a campaign to help save abandoned penguins .
comes after the retailer features a lonely penguin in its christmas advert .
the gangs fight over the best routes to the ferry port to the uk .'
police say butler and dewent had dyed their hair and were living out of the car in the woods .
despite being described as ` pure ' , dasani was found to be bottled tap water .
 a 32-year-old man was caught attempting to rob an oap in chile .
crowd ripped his clothes off and tied him to a lamppost with clingfilm .
now , investigator has been revealed as possible inspiration behind holmes .
he had a heart attack in 2009 and thought he was going to die .
song inspired by a picture of 11-year-old caroline kennedy .
 david amaya barrick thought his mother had abandoned him .
 actress elspet gray , 83 , died in hospital on monday .
it was missing its right-side pectoral fin and dorsal fin .
researchers predicted more than # 500million was spent online today .
jose mourinho has questioned whether city have abided by ffp rules .
 vegetables and fruits were handed out by farmers in athens today .
owner april rognlin said handing over the animal ` broke my heart '
 cologne man , 88 , charged over murders in french village during wwii .
experts are unsure why some animals have uv vision and humans do n't .
also carried nixon on his famous trip to china .'
kardashian and shatner were used as controls to measure popularity .
the data shows that louisiana is the state with the worst drivers and vermont has the best .'
 mary hampson 's harrowing story appears in a pamphlet published in 1684 .
baboons infer from people 's fear that they rank higher in the pecking order .
 melinda navarro 's husband also forwarded the photos to her parents and co-workers .
 brendan rodgers brings back seven players for liverpool vs chelsea .
harrington built the reservoirs on his 170-acre land and stocked them with fish .
passed to james ' son jesse james jr who gave it to a doctor in 1923 .
wildlife photographer justin hofman captured the images .
as he was forced to the floor , he ` reached up and grabbed officer 's privates ' .
jason martin accused of biting his neighbour 's genitals ` like a sandwich ' .
 robert kiefer , 25 , was arrested after the fight broke out saturday afternoon .
was on date with woman named ` tree ' when her male friends attacked him .
prostitute .
 fbi informants claimed the movie was a vessel for communist messages .
` sponsored stories ' seen by users when a friend ` likes ' a product or place .
the fish is then bleached to remove any dark pigments in the dye before being submerged in glycerin .'
last year a thai trainer had 30 stitches after a crocodile bit him .'
 unemployed peter rolfe , 64 , has fathered 26 children with 15 women .
is calling for a larger property on the isle of wight to home his huge family .
today blamed the mothers of his children for his enormous brood .
the former saratoga springs mayor said ` there is great cause for confidence ' .
the incident convinced mr casarona he needed to lose weight .
 andrej kramaric signed for leicester for # 9.3 million from rijeka this week .
in line for compensation of up to # 16,000 if a court rules his privacy has been violated .'
nigel pearson says he has been trying to forget the victory ever since .
the 46-year-old has expressed his interest in replacing paul lambert .
 ship sank after being battered by 18ft-high waves during hurricane sandy .
they say they are prepared to broaden protest to lincoln memorial .
woodrow scored his second to draw the replay level at 2-2 .
 a video of sabre norris accomplishing a 540 on a half-pipe has gone viral .
 nearly 80,000 people have been killed during the syrian civil war .
 senzo meyiwa was declared dead on arrival at hospital after being shot .
 mario balotelli joined liverpool from ac milan during the summer .
 nadine williams , 38 , denies raping the woman in neath , south wales .
hull manager steve bruce could step in .
 diego simeone is one of three finalists for fifa 's coach of the year .
it has emerged snyderman ` was seen at soup restaurant on thursday '
 lock up sold at auction for three times the list price this week .
images .'
he spent three days in hospital in excruciating pain .
sarchie 's account of his experiences as exorcist detailed in his 2001 book inspired the film deliver us from evil with eric bana .
after ` planking ' in 2011 and ` vadering ' in 2013 , this selfie trend seems to be the most dangerous yet .
chris robshaw 's clash with michael hooper will be fascinating .
 toners - which range from # 1.32 to # 110 - remove dirt and close pores .
 security researcher ruben .
arsenal fans keep themselves in the picture by over-promoting players .
toyota worked with game makers to create a virtual version of the lt-1 .
 gennadij raivich , 51 , home-visited women desperate to become mothers .
now it has been rescued and taken back to sea by an rnli lifeboat .
jay rodriguez , jose fonte and james ward-prowse model the design .
 the tiny dog weighs less than three pounds and is smaller than chihuahua .
they were told on friday the cancer is terminal , and felix has weeks to live .
police found both dead and live pythons , some festering with maggots .
 eurozone shrank by 0.1 per cent in the july-september .
 trendy seasoning comes with stainless steel grater and costs # 25 .
it is the first time an entire reef has been discovered in greenland .
 in james and the giant peach , the huge fruit was carried by 501 seagulls .
but he overcame his anxiety with the help of three-legged dog haatchi .'
 newcastle and west ham are flying in the premier league .
 xavi and iker casillas first played competitively together in 1997 as spain beat mexico in the under 17 world cup .
he says anti-wrinkle dermal fillers have also cause strokes in patients .
royal babies william , harry , beatrice and eugenie had dragons nurseries .'
it found makati city produces more per capita than anywhere else .
 machines infected with virus being ` kept alive ' by fbi .
 fran bunce was desperate to buy home but was unable to pay a deposit .
 ray ives collected canon balls , muskets and swords from deep sea dives .
uses first its kind lycra technology to help eliminate chafing .
the men had been convicted of gambling - a breach of sharia law .
often takes girlfriends home to meet him mother , 51 .'
pair worked together at university of texas m.d.
 richards wands was 150ft from the beach when he saw the shark .
 zakaria azzouzi , from morocco , married slovakian petra tatalova in 2011 .
the attacks have been occurring at cardigan bay in wales for weeks .
experts are scrambling to determine whether the virus killed them or if they were just carriers .
 mario alberto lizalde reyes killed his friend while he was urinating in alley .
last week she was detained for shoplifting at a texas walmart .
 cech declares he has no intenton of sitting on the bench this season .
37 of the notorious alcoholics banned from pubs were women .
users can create kiss from their own lips using cameras and touch screens .
76 members were killed by government forces in a 1993 attack on the compound .
many have been used in house basements and some as garden paving .
the headstones were part of a cemetery desecrated by the soviets .'
 jail forgot about him after his arrest for drunken driving .
 british men spend # 46.79 on beauty treatments if they expect a date to end in the bedroom .
women spend # 41.79 .
staff managed to get the security gates down , and the gang fled .
 david amaya barrick thought his mother had abandoned him .
says he wanted to capture what is often ` unappreciated ' underwater .
 the route in richmond has been sealed off to drivers for three weeks .
pilot was found 53 miles from prison and treated for shock in hospital .'
diego costa to start for chelsea after missing midweek game .
witnesses looked on aghast as a worker rescued the cat before dropping it .
 aston villa have the worst premier league record in front of goal .
 the 300-million-year-old remains were discovered near frankfurt , germany .
 carles gil scored his first goal for aston villa since joining the club on january 13 .
it keeps derby on track for promotion to the premier league .
student inventor claims an hour of riding can completely charge a phone .
officials in xintang said the mass of foam was ` harmless '
officials say they died of respiratory failure possibly caused by drugs .
the 2013 film captain phillips is based on the incident .'
liberian-registered ship stranded 12 miles from new zealand .'
mother stephanie davis , 21 , arrested on dui charges and called relative to check on son .
 bakewell recreation ground , derbyshire , closed for three days a week .
peter kay has won the crown of ` funniest one-liner ' ever with clogs ' gag .
pods of washing liquid are sprayed onto the clothes hanging inside .
she said in letter afterwards she was ` ashamed ' to have taken part .
animal rescue services untangled the crocodile from the line the next day .
they got to within touching distance of the giant sea creature , which was part of a group of whale sharks they saw .'
natalie heimel and edward mallue jr were supposed to wed on 16th hole .
caine , 34 , says he has never experienced scenes quite like these in all the 20 years he has been diving .'
it shows the humpback whale sleeping before it comes up for air .
they shut off half their brain when snoozing so they remember to breathe .'
father convicted at snaresbrook crown court and is jailed for eight years .'
thirty-five year-old died after a two-year battle with cancer .
stephen wilkes spends up to 15 hours a day shooting sunrise and sunset .'
 paul scholes has stuck the boot into manchester united .
 candice huffine , 29 , is part of line-up for fetish-themed calendar .
tailored garment also comes with an in-built air conditioning unit .
 serviceman and dog descended in arlington , texas , sunday ahead of home team 's clash with arizona cardinals .
its owners dublin wax museum will hire the vehicle out for $ 300-an-hour .
italian describes liverpool frontman as a ` fantastic ' player .
alvaro morata will be allowed to leave spanish capital .
 kevin garnett returned to minnesota timberwolves on trade deadline day .
garnett helped minnesota secure a 97-77 win over the washington wizards .
 atletico madrid star will see ` miracle ' doctor marijana kovacevic .
costa a serious doubt for saturday 's clash with real madrid .
alexis sanchez could be offered as makeweight in deal .
 research showed pilots were exposed to 50 times more uv than others .
cory popped the question on the same beach where they had their first date .'
claimed ms evans , who was known as ` grandma ' , was a crack dealer .
in senegal ebola has been contained after a single case on august 29 .
then ` took four days to conclude that a gunman had targeted residence ' .
 andrew auwkit , 25 , punctured his girlfriend 's lung calling her a ` fussy eater ' .
 dashcam footage appears to show car appearing out of nowhere at junction .
koh tao is known as the quieter , more laid-back island in gulf of thailand .
 sherri shepherd , 47 , has been quietly dating new edition lead singer and actor johnny gill , 48 .
barcelona , real madrid and atletico madrid want to pay # 25m .'
one of the victims was 19-year-old mother-of-one ja'kela foster .
was convicted on 45 counts of child abuse and molestation .'
a portion of sale will go towards the fire-gutted manchester dog 's home .
a community coalition has now completed burials of all of the bodies .
 actor pictured leaving charity fundraiser in santa clarita on november 30 - just moments before his friend 's car hit a pole and burst into flames .
 the humanoid robot measures out spirits at the robots bar and lounge .
nine customers can take a seat at the bar in ilmenau , eastern germany .'
elite uk troops are on alert over fears the weapons could be deployed .
20,000 thousand marca readers voted in a poll to decide which was best .
families have questioned why the sudden closures were rushed by cqc .
burgess played on as south sydney won first premiership in 43 years .
burgess played his last nrl game before his move to bath rugby .'
while he was inside she climbed over car park barrier and threw herself off .'
 sgt.
 the talented toddler from alaska is most at home on a snowy mountainside .
he called a local television station in washington and said , ' i just killed my wife ... i want you to put it on your facebook ' .
 brian jansen , 44 , organized the meeting online in daytona beach , florida .'
mr ford had to dive to stop the baby falling into the toilet bowl .
 james dalby , 23 , was scarred by while serving in afghanistan in 2010 .
hundreds have signed up to a protest and say they will boycott the chain .
 the police federation paid a pr firm for a media strategy over police reforms .
the news could strain relations between conservatives and the union .
chancellor warns uk stability depends on eurozone working better .
green party calls for a simialr anti-austerity uprising in the uk .
 beautician vickie harvey , 24 , died from leukaemia last december .
but he said he wanted to express his views ` in spirit of friendship ' .
archbishop of york said he ` would pray for his recovery ' in touching gesture of support .
germany beat argentina 1-0 aet to win the world cup at the maracana .
 five ft four anna meaden was more interested in topping up tan than fishing .
the species snapped up a pig 's head weighing in at 6.5 kg .
 the gender swap experiment was set up by beanotherlab in barcelona .
each partner wears an oculus rift head-mounted display .
exotic island comes with motor boats and hammocks .'
 mariana popa was six weeks pregnant when she was knifed by farooq shah .
experiments carried out at virginia commonwealth university , us .'
now using human rights act in legal battle .
he limped from carrington after training , but trained fully on wednesday .
 incident began when plane was hit by a pressurisation problem .
 manhattan comedian ari teman discovered to his horror that he had rented his apartment out to sex orgy organizers .
 kylie cox , 24 , was dancing with guest when he suddenly collapsed .
 manchester united are willing to spend up to # 100m to bring angel di maria to old trafford .
a new compulsory deal has been rejected by the jamaican parliament .
but this will be the first time earth has passed through its ` tail ' of debris .
 barcelona keen to use sanchez as makeweight in bid to sign luis suarez .
barca chiefs pleased suarez has apologised for biting chiellini .'
shaquille jones , 21 , and joei jordan , 20 , have been charged with dewolf 's murder .
after mr looby complained to council , duke took beloved wind chimes .
lionel messi has now scored 424 career goals .
lewthwaite spent most of her early life in aylesbury , buckinghamshire .
nine people were killed and 30-40 injured , including some young children .
but they received a text this morning to say orders had been cancelled .
 the national rifle association has over five million members .
now hundreds of them are feared to be crossing the border to fight in iraq .
 ryan morales , 10 , and his brother thomas , two , are both haemophiliacs .
 the # 270,000 could have paid for 15 squaddies or a battalion of boots .
it was due to refuel at humberside airport before continuing ownwards .
the aircraft 's final destination was in retford , nottinghamshire .
 leicester school under scrutiny for citing sharia in child welfare cases .
` you got it ! '
said chelsea is ` glowing ' and marc is ` bursting with pride ' .
 manchester city beat cska moscow to reach last 16 .
allow you to mix and cook a ready-to-eat cake in minutes .
likes of sarah jessica parker and jerry seinfeld live in the hamlet .
in it , a masked fighter also threatens action against canada and uk malls .
one student spoke out after receiving a $ 500 fine for illicit downloading .
siebold travelled home to see his family just three days after tragedy .'
arsenal were linked with cabaye before he left for the french champions .
officers said mr slym rowed with his wife sally the night before he died .
now she has over half a million followers and has appeared on television and in magazines .
 streaker interrupted match between newcastle university and northumbria .
 dr. robert ferrante has been charged with killing autumn klein .
on saturday morning , boy was reunited with mother in emotional scenes .
now focusing on miss universe contest in manchester in novemer .
the french champions could sell edinson cavani .
adebayor 's # 140,000-a-week wages at tottenham are not an issue for psg .
four months later miss downey was found dead in hotel room at airport .
 emmanuel adebayor has fallen out of favour at tottenham this season .
the daughter of lord mountbatten also made other revelations about royals .
 liverpool defeated tottenham 3-0 at white hart lane on sunday .
the new blue leds could contribute to saving the earth 's resources .
all young citizens must do national service - including 17-year-old girls .
nine police officers charged with murder will appear in court on monday .'
 sarah and susan wolfe were found shot to death in the basement of the home they shared in pittsburgh on february 7 .
cazorla scored the first goal and set up olivier giroud for the second .
 sherwood and sandro are still embroiled in a personal dispute .
as a midwife she saw sexually-aware women having ` easier births ' .
 elina desaine does not know how many people she has had sex with .
he says it is too soon for him to be compared with marcel desailly .
mr flint , then 18 , was left with brain damage and went blind in one eye .
 lionel messi was at his stunning best as barcelona beat manchester city .
annual season ticket for commuters to london costs almost # 4,000 .
laughed in dock as he said attack plans at loughborough school were ` joke ' .
 tottenham beat chelsea 5-3 at white hart lane on new year 's day .
separate study found region 's glaciers are melting faster than ever before .
 decided to emulate her favourite character from the walking dead .
went from 17st 7lb and size 18 to 11st and a size 12 .
 anne clewlow was nine-months pregnant when she went for routine scan .
dortmund only signed the greek defender last summer .
jose mourinho says he is not signing a contract himself but will be staying .
 burlington , vermont , has had an influx of french canadians from quebec .'
 dogs were rescued by rspca after six months of neglect .
 un commission of inquiry in seoul interviewing 30 defectors .
pay revealed in figures which show the animal charity 's income is falling .
the wembley showpiece is the most lucrative one-off fixture in sport .
west brom reveal they have received no formal resignation from anelka and label frenchman ` unprofessional ' .
an affair with louise , saying : ` i 'm not going to discuss my personal life '
missing alexis , from nelson county , has not been seen since august 3 .
lawyer says taylor was last person to see samantha clarke , also missing .
 two british boys , 3 months and 5 months , put on life-support machines .
but all he has to show for it is a letter from school ` explaining the situation '
family ` shocked ' when police demanded they hand over the 107-year-old .
47-year-old looked downcast as he put the bins out outside home in poole .
 ballance brought up hundred with six over mid-wicket on last over of day .
england ended the day 267 for 8 with ballance 104 not out .
she was forced to do so in front of a jury at wolverhampton crown court .
dragged her into a factory by the hair and subjected her to a 25-minute rape .'
andrew cuomo clinton said he is the ` right leader at the right time with the right plan ' .
ronaldo now has more champions league knockout victories -lrb- 28 -rrb- than edwin van der sar and victor valdes .
two .
 orders for the 30-minute recording from inside the church have come from germany and ghana .'
 nbc will use matrix-style 360 technology to film pro football .
officers were suspended in april following complaints from other pcs .
 al-qaeda leader among 40 militants killed in north mali .
hollywood megastar claims he would have been there if suri asked him .
 the snap was taken by amateur photographer kutub uddin , 27 .
covered in spores , it looked like character bumblebee from transformers .'
stem cells from hannah 's bone marrow took less than a week to multiply and were created into the windpipe .
labour mp keith vaz says it 's ` astonishing ' there have been no convictions .
it is on display in singapore though .
 norman siegel represents kaci hickox who defied her ebola quarantine .
one was claiming he could have been exposed to the deadly virus .
they are based in wyoming , canada and perform across the country .
named the ` creepydol ' , the device can keep tabs on anyone on the street .
 chelsea 's current deal with samsung ends at end of the season .
 arnis zalkalns was prime suspect in the murder of 14-year-old alice gross .
mr desormeaux , 42 , was unseated and kicked as he tried to remount .
 adverts for reputable companies feature alongside terror videos .
she was artificially inseminated after failed attempts at natural mating .
 squadron leader tony gaze died aged 93 a year after his wife .
the mother charged mr str\xc3\xb8mnes , knocking him to the ground and bruising him .'
 the number of undocumented minors who have crossed into the u.s. is now 62,000 .
major outbreak of ebola disease has killed at least 672 people in west africa .
she spent nine days in a specialist neonatal unit before she could go home .
 it is claimed princess ukok is angry about having her grave disturbed .
this causes a barren patch of land that can be 2-12m in diameter .'
 one vaccine protects lab monkeys from disease for five weeks .
 saido berahino scored his 16th goal of the season last saturday .
he is pictured six years before kenyan mall attack .
joe cole scored on his first league start for villa after converting andreas weimann 's first-half cross .
f1 driver 's girlfriend , nicole scherzinger , is special olympics ambassador .
 system could also be used on phones and tablet .
pirelli had chosen medium and hard tyres for the brazilian grand prix .
 kevin derbyshire , 24 , stole # 10,000 worth of jewellery from loretta smith .
derbyshire wrote a letter apologising and said he would buy her flowers .
 the single hard out here is released on sunday but the video is already causing controversy .
given community order and one-year driving ban .
suspected of supplying isis with equipment produced in a secret factory .
 zoopla says the number of ` property millionaires ' has ballooned .
 rev david davies , 49 , charged with assaulting a woman and drink driving .
 queens park rangers have debts of # 177.1 million .
police found several notes at his apartment containing threats citing today 's september 11 anniversary .
prime minister said ditching first class is a ` very good suggestion '
 karina carvahlo is the newsreader of abc1 in queensland .
she recruited 33 female guests who were lavished with cash and gifts .
championship play-off final worth more than # 130million to victor .
former property maintenance man mr page won euromillions jackpot in 2010 .
was kicked with such ferocity that one of dawson 's shoes flew off his foot .
 hassan abdi dhuhulow , 23 , is believed to have left his somalia home in 2009 .
progressed further than germans just once in last 23 major championships .
instead of asking ` how 's ian ' she asked ` how 's adam ' - his real name .
they risk coming down with pneumonia and contracting polio .'
do n't stop me now by queen is most popular workout track .
 fewer than one in ten on new benefits street are long-term unemployed .
it shoots pictures that can be refocused after they 've been taken .
the doll was commissioned by the cia as part of their ` devil eyes ' project .
accompanied by wife as ` security ' ahead of an official visit to azerbaijan .
foley 's death was ` heartbreaking '
she said a nuclear-armed ` terrorist state ' risked being established .
anthony aurelius sent unedited video to couple of their jewish wedding .
 welbeck did 82 in 50mph zone in manchester last year .
i want to have a napkin with my face and name on it , ' slovakian says .
doctors put two embryos into mrs billington and froze 22 others .
simon was born in may 2013 at 37 weeks .
 england face new zealand at twickenham on saturday in the first of four autumn internationals this month .
but ninette de valois changed all that with the sadler 's wells company .
margot fonteyn and robert helpmann were among the principal dancers .
within days , her face had become swollen and bright red with blisters .
attack is believed to be part of a family feud rather than a hate crime .'
rescuers pulled her three children - ages 3 , 9 , and 10 - from the car .
 mother faced with aborting finley after suffering pre-eclampsia .
comments come after birmingham metropolitan college reverses ban on full-face veils after students protest .
 helmut kohl was german chancellor between 1982 and 1998 .
he stands accused of injecting patients with a dangerous medicine .
abdullah elmir is believed to be on the way to iraq after watching jihadist videos .
 trailer has been released for the latest documentary on stephen hawking .
before their weight-loss , they 'd tried to conceive for almost a decade .
 former business partners are counter-suing him for # 400,000 - # 600,000 .
 jaris hayden , 29 , will be arraigned december 3 on criminal charges he had sex with an inmate then let her go .
 authorities say the arrest was unrelated to elliot rodger 's friday rampage .
the scientists found both kudzu and knotweed unbalanced ecosystems .
 heroin addict nicholas lovell jailed for ten years and six months .
 mitt romney appeared on fox news sunday to discuss the president 's lack of response to isis .
kyrone daley and sanchez thomas were jailed for a total of 47 years today .
 paddy doyle , from solihull , west midlands , broke his first record in 1987 .
she has been locked up for eight months for marrying a christian .
 ` sophie wittams ' was an online alter-ego used by a reporter for the sunday mirror .
white house was in talks with network but turned opportunity down .
 jonathan tebbs had ` possessive ' 12-year relationship with kate dixon .
tebbs , 46 , was convicted of murder and handed a life sentence .
german chancellor angela merkel has ` doubts ' about reaching agreement .
wilson is now saying he feels confident that the grand jury will not find reason to convict him in the fatal shooting .
it will then use a parachute and air brakes to slow down to 160mph .
rodgers said of suarez : ` he 's a good boy but he 's gone '
experts warn that the possibility it could become airborne ca n't be ruled out .
 airship launched in ohio comes down in pennsylvania .
prosecutors claim former brazil striker gifted a motorbike to a dealer .
 premier league champions will add three new rows of seats to all stands .
father is one of australia 's wealthiest men , william pulver , ceo of software company appen butler hill .
actress reveals she had two miscarriages and also turned to ivf treatment .
 norwegian marte deborah dalelv was in dubai on business trip when raped .
she reported rape to police but was charged for having sex outside marriage .
myhill , of newcastle , kept scrapbook about his five victims aged nine to 16 .
the gunman shot a construction worker inside the premises and left .
doctors at hospital in wuhan decided soup had burned through stomach .
# 40 table to be revived and will be on sale in ikea stores .'
they say 108 pets have gone missing since the beginning of the year .
one covered in faeces with burnt whiskers and missing chunks of fur .
kept in school grounds after being given as a present .
 pamela christensen , 47 , charged with first-degree attempted murder .
the weapons did not meet george w. bush 's rationale that saddam hussein had a program of ` mass destruction ' .
clifford clarke , 79 , had been cooking meat before he was mauled by dog .
hands burned and frozen with ice while he was shown images of men hugging .
wilson said he stepped down because his presence is a ` risk ' .
 brendan rodgers is under fire over liverpool team at the bernabeu .
reds face chelsea in the premier league on saturday .'
image of ` murder scene ' posted on facebook by the suspect , say police .
asked the group 's founder .
 the midfield maestro has revealed he will play on for italy .
the ` politically binding ' deal would require the us and other nations to enact new domestic emissions laws .
 dmytro bulatov says kidnappers kept him in the dark for more than a week .
 three years after ordeal aesha mohammadzai has a new face and life .
smartphones contain the sensors which are used for games and orientation .
he will serve 13 years in prison .
graves was raped beside her sleeping 7-year-old daughter .
 ibrahimovic took in the sights with wife helena seger and two sons .
 japanese company started the service for career-women and divorcees .
former troy chancellor lord howe said cameron is ` losing control ' of the party .
british food standards authority says some affected meat did come to uk .
 beth reekles from rogerstone near newport wrote the kissing booth at 15 .
 lumia 1020 has a 41 megapixel camera - five times better than the iphone 5 .
a belt bomb killed five and injured 90 in a baghdad market place last week .
click here for more from the australian open .
` sender ' thought about firing a cannon , which moved the hand of a ` receiver ' .
 zumanjaro : drop of doom will be attached to world 's largest roller coaster .
james mee hit back saying : ' i would never even dream of using it ' .
 thailand : deadly destination penned by australian author john stapleton .
 chelsea fans refuse to let black passenger board a paris metro train .
 a total of 534 nigerian nationals are serving sentences in british prisons .
he described how a 20-tonne truck rammed kim jong-il 's motorcade .
the 64-year-old says the club are going nowhere at the moment .
at the start of the year , ipod sales contributed 2 % of apple 's overall income .
told julie wong : ' i actually wish i was dead or wish my mum died ' .
sen. chuck grassley is angry about the unnecessary spending .
 dr john bradshaw has studied cats and their owners for more than 25 years .
but she began to receive threatening letters demanding money .
 dr evan antin has traveled the world helping animals .
patrolman craig taylor , 43 , was yesterday charged in the death .
 blaze duckworth , of bolton , greater manchester , needs injections to walk .
brother could be rehabilitated and judge gave public ` what they wanted ' .
the poland skipper picked cristiano ronaldo ahead of german goalkeeper .
 adrien anigo , son of olympique marseille boss jose anigo , gunned down in french city .
the swedish international heaped praise on chelsea 's thibaut courtois .
jay developed anorexia nervosa when she was 11 years old .
 steven gerrard will leave liverpool for the mls after this season .
the man has been kept in isolation at the hospital since sunday , and was listed thursday in serious but stable condition .'
 aaron edson , 37 , was named today as rescuer in utah , sandy .
nypd is stepping up patrols of synagogues and other jewish sites .
his wife dea millerberg testified against him on april 9th 2012 .'
 mohamed hassan launched attack on officer after recording device spotted .
baugh sentenced him to six months jail and $ 3,800 in restitution .
he told her that he and bieber had discussed purchasing the team last night .
 high court jury awards damages over article published in july last year .
men are accused of planning a suicide attack bigger than 7/7 .
but singer 's family challenged her in the high court .
 thugs jailed for 36 years for racist , religiously-motivated attack .
muslim extremists allegedly plotted to overthrow moderate school leaders .
movement .
 luke 's mother rosie batty gave a heartbreaking testimony on tuesday .
he begged paramedics to ` let him die ' and told them luke ` was in heaven ' .
he has now been moved to a prison near bristol , 179 miles away .
 archaeologists reveal roman defence system in scotland .
police say goode 's bmw parked a mile from her home showed obvious signs of a struggle .
colin anderson , 19 , and a friend were both issued tickets for swearing .
 actors publicist asked journalists to back-date miller 's affair with craig .
 ann summers said they named the isis lingerie range ` months ' ago .
carter discovered tomb of tutankhamun in 1922 , earning worldwide fame .
took police 4 months to investigate after another victim came forward .
she was shot dead by marcus dee , 31 , before he turned gun on himself .
 edward snowden answers questions from readers in live web chat .
the belfie , or bottom selfie , was pioneered by reality star kim kardashian .
now , they 're both viewed unfavorably by 51 percent of americans , according to a new poll .
prom .
 hassan rouhani said he would consider helping if washington intervened .
supermarkets say all halal meats are clearly labelled .
 diana dudas , 52 , was reported missing in almeria in andalucia .
treatment uses fillers to transfer fat from other areas of patient 's body .
debenhams is donating suits to help applicants impress in interviews .
researchers believe man needed meat to thrive - as skull showed signs of anaemia .
 wpc tracy watts admitted drink-driving and was warned she faces jail .
and lived far beyond his means while in office until fall 2008 and ran a ` private profit machine ' out of detroit 's city hall .
 astronomers recently found galaxies that seemed to appear from nowhere .
 lee wilkinson , 40 , and michael dent , 33 , involved in long-running feud .
 one hospitalised and dozens on iv drips after outbreak at ` four-star ' hotel .
was called by a labour mp on the morning after his by-election victory .
police also shot and killed the suspect 32-year-old cortez washington .
 dennis eugene emery , 57 , had been arguing with his wife at their home .
paraded at least 5 yazidis ' heads in front of the victims ' families , she said .
the outgoing republican congressman 's bill is called the dog ate my tax receipts act .
 ukba warned by hull registrar that couple did not know each other .
as one spider attacks the mother , babies are seen ` jumping ' from her back .
 crash has parallels to that of british airways 777 crash in 2008 .
thousands of british visitors left disappointed .'
more requests to look like amal than kim kardashian .'
kroos would follow # 37m juan mata into old trafford .
she finds it hard to find clothes to flatter her figure .
 jazzmine wash planned to throw a party for her three-year-old son later in the day at chuck e. cheese .
inhabitants have lived there since pre-historic times .'
while they are asleep .
 dallas the cat disappeared down a creek never to be seen again .
risk of death from poor posture is the same as having a bmi over 30 .'
he then gets into the car , knocks over the attendants and tries to drive off .
 cosmetic procedures should not be carried out using public money .
 the bacteria living inside you are essential to your immune system .
parents in the netherlands spend only 10 per cent .
it means that a divorce can not be granted in texas to a same-sex couple .
raiders have lost opening four games this season .
sportsmail columnist jamie carragher criticises italian on sky sports .
sterling slated for telling roy hodgson he was tired before estonia game .
 rebekah dawson , 22 , is on trial charged with threatening a caretaker .
` we saw bidding from literally all over the world ... we are absolutely delighted , ' said sotheby 's auctioneer oliver barker .
tomas rosicky added : ` giroud knows he made a big mistake '
tamagotchi games were launched by japanese maker bandai in 1996 .
air france charged her to rebook her flights , including a penalty fee .
 christopher pitts and christopher thomas accused of chasing faruk ali .
one by one family members dump buckets on their heads , before cheering ` we nominate grandma ethel ! '
 moska is marketed as ` natural ' libido booster with ingredients like ginseng .
an anonymous individual came forward to offer assistance to bury tsarnaev .
 maureen coleman has called kurt 's online taunts and bullies ` disgusting ' .
he was accused of adultery on twitter by his wife , a poker player .
but labour said that the pm ` had better get a grip '
it also recommends google 's url removal tool , and contacting websites .
search expanded after france reveals satellite images of ` possible debris ' .
the 1,600-shop business contacted google about the logo .
bodies of men who were aged 15 to 40 had been placed on plastic chairs .
motivational message read out to players was described as ` very deep ' .
she escapes prison sentence but is handed a two-year community order .
 beer is being hailed for its health benefits and vitamin levels .
meanwhile , white british population has dropped by 12 % in same period .
scientific name is sousa sahulensis and relates to the region it resides in .'
 nazma ditta , 27 , entered into secret relationship with sarah harrison , 35 .
he says he is ` hopeful ' the searchers will find something soon .
 adorable orangutan called rieke was born on january 12 at berlin zoo .
 kirsty debanks lied that her ex-boyfriend had raped her after a miscarriage .
syrian soldiers have also committed other ` crimes against humanity ' .
 nolan rooms was diagnosed with cerebral palsy after he was born in 2012 .
 matthew bates , 25 , from bristol , caught with fireworks during disturbances .
adventurer was attempting to become the first person to cross the atlantic using a cluster of balloons .
teenagers .
33-year-old man today arrested under dangerous dogs act .
but they send signals to the brain which interprets them into flavours .
he also admits tyson 's rape conviction was inevitable .
instead of helping him , fearing he could be infected , the passengers flee .'
messages say : ` victory !
these tools can double us a make-shift screwdrivers and paperclips .
 doctors said some patients suffered 40 per cent burns in the attack .
 mei jum jones and twins colt and cameron given joint funeral .
sugar bear knew about his wife 's relationship with mcdaniel but chose to ignore it , reports claim .
mcdaniel 's daughter-in-law claims that he is a good man .
there were concerns over princess margaret 's private life in the mid 1950s .
 samantha barbash , 40 , roselyn keo , 29 , marsi rosen , 28 , and karina pascucci , 26 are charged with scamming wealthy new york men .
the 33-year-old was released by west ham last summer .
 spain 's football league chief says barca would technically have to leave la liga if catalonia becomes independent .
police are now hunting for the fans at richelieu-drouot station in paris .
the site is so big that a full guided tour can take up to four hours .'
he was the last surviving member of the failed assassination in 1944 .
coal is plentiful and more affordable for both china and india .
it is 98 per cent accurate and shows a ` normal ' or ` low ' sperm count .
sex therapist michelle bassam warned it could provoke a row .
 suzanne basso , 59 , was convicted in 1999 of being ringleader of a group of people who tortured and murdered louis ` buddy ' musso .
the official had determined that lewis ' medical marijuana was a hazard .
seen with peter and paul , he has short , curly hair and no beard .
paralympian 's father says athlete ` acted on instinct ' .
pistorius tried to save reeva with kiss of life after shooting .
 cassidy stay , 15 , survived the shooting in spring , texas , by playing dead .
abu bakr said he would return to fight in britain if he ever left islamic state .
the continent is more than 30m sq km , but this is not reflected in standard mercator maps .
his fiance stephanie lucas pleaded for help to raise $ 6,000 for extraction .
shelley was found to be faster by 0.4 of a second .
doctors think he picked up infection in 1992 from seawater in australia .
top official forced to admit the department had no control over flag flying .'
 alan titchmarsh slammed professor eric anderson over views on gay sex .
the 25-year-old from brecon , wales , had been in the pub watching football .
venice tops the list of bargains , followed by florence , rome and barcelona .
alaska air would be the first us carrier to use biometrics if it is implemented .
high street chain whistles is described as ` sticking its head in the sand ' .
mos journalists hoping to speak to some of the workers were spied on by cmt security guards .
they included drivers for the boss of the factory , which lies just outside island 's capital .
they were meant to be targeting anti-social behaviour in north london .
in the morning , the toilets sink again with the roof flush to the pavement .
 three thieves climbed into the car at traffic lights in maidenhead , berkshire .
he is facing a # 2million legal bill after he lost plebgate libel case .
newcastle had shola ameobi and paul dummett sent off .
valero pembroke refinery is celebrating its 50th anniversary today .
owner recognised the animal that went missing from his farm .
the academic thinks the men planned to torture him with a flamethrower .
greater manchester police believe attack was part of ` ongoing dispute ' .
a seventh day adventist pastor has spoken to her in jail where she is ` trying to keep on top of things '
paramedics now ca n't take patients directly to northwick park in harrow .
 russian president says he can not recall meeting kraft or seeing ring .
 reverend robert geisinger was named by pope francis as the vatican 's sex crimes prosecutor in september .
mrs dewani 's sister ami denborg made a plea to the south african judge .
couple from sittingbourne , kent , were delayed for more than five hours .
building management in south china had blocked floor with a brick wall .
group opened up a hole in wall with a hammer to get out of the lift .
tottenham want memphis depay and james mccarthy .
the 23-year-old will spend a minimum of 21 years behind bars , court hears .
fleece flower roots are very large and they often resemble human faces .
experts said they must be brought before the international criminal court .
system would use ` mood-associated characteristics ' to establish emotions .
 teresa romero contracted ebola in spain while treating two missionaries .
 pedro has started only 10 la liga games for barcelona this season .
25 of the animals were selected today for a life of captivity in aquariums .
salary rose only 2.5 % but directors also enjoyed a 12 % rise in bonuses .
boy , 13 , discovered it on a beach about two hours from darwin .
parade .
new threat of disease emerges after thousands of livestock drown in floods .
 rules proposed by pentagon to allow women to serve closer to front-line .
she was seen arriving at buckingham palace in chauffeur-driven bentley .
 police stopped daniele watts and boyfriend after reports of lewd conduct .
team and girlfriend get hugs and handshakes , but murray forgot mother .
david cameron and nick clegg are both keen tennis fans .
 patricia hewitson was baffled by the plant growing in her garden .
the patient , 22 , has now recovered fully and returned to work .'
 those in sheffield and birmingham particularly enamoured with their legs .
loic remy , esteban granero and adel taarabt could all be sold .
jurgen klopp 's men continued their difficult start to the bundesliga season .
he did n't have a clue how valuable it was but it 's expected to fetch # 20,000 .
a year before she was arrested on suspicion of stabbing mr dunne with a wine bottle but the case was dropped when he changed his story .
robin was just three when she died after battling leukemia for seven months .
 marion reeve , 79 , and her late husband william accepted they would never see the ring again after she lost it in their back garden .
fire service said that had crews at welwyn station , hertfordshire , not been on strike they may .
 matt stonie , 21 , consumed around 3,700 calories in one sitting .'
 mayor de blasio insists it is ` extremely difficult ' to catch ebola on subway .
 norma and bob clark of redlands , california , were married in 1964 in the company of close friends and family .
colwell told the audience : ' i identify the flag with racism , do n't you ? '
 cynthia stewart ` sent teen up to 30 photos of her nude ' .
 mike tyson , 46 , issued a statement denying false claims of him having a sex-change operation .
 the president 's ex has arrived in mumbai , india for a charity visit .
 he said children should be taught ` religion exists ' but not taught it as fact .
the medal is being auctioned by sotheby 's and could reach # 50,000 .
she had been volunteering in sierra leone - a nation swept with the virus .
they proudly waved it outside the international space station , while floating 260 miles above the earth .
jonjo 's mother and grandmother appeared on this morning today .
27-year-old says he wants to retire at barcelona like carles puyol .'
efficiency and structural integrity of the team 's new sleds .
was said to be stressed about university work and finding job after studies .
 the exhibit will make its only u.s. stop at the michener art museum in suburban .
it is also the first discovery of a ` partly cloudy ' world like earth .
carlos tevez will make his return to the home of the hammers .
 four-acre home is in winter equestrian capital of wellington .
a man approaches the child as boy 's mother turns her back for moment .
helen mirren was second .
taylor was 18 years old at wedding , but already a veteran actress .
original waist measured 20 inches , but it has now been let out to 22 inches .
owner sharon hourihan , nottinghamshire , called in rspca officers .
mother-of-two was diagnosed with the water allergy aquagenic urticarial .
sir elton is due to perform in moscow and kazan on friday and saturday .
 arwen was almost blind when she was found at the home in january .
the welshman was inspired after watching the nba match in london .
the 16-year-old has named cristiano ronaldo as his role model .
 alexander gustafsson takes on anthony johnson in front of 30,000 fans in stockholm in january .
two minneapolis men were killed last weekend fighting free syrian army rebels in syria .
 far-right national front has beaten governing socialists in key elections .
it reportedly shows the actions of islamic extremist group isis .
opposition forces claim isis is linked to bashar al-assad 's regime .
 the couple were visiting crime support charity only connect in london .
he proposed to sears ahead of the international premier tennis league .
murray remains winless after two matches at the new team tournament .'
researchers from duke university say a properly sealed well is safe .
 theatre impresario michael white opens up his private photo album .
the spaniard is delighted with louis van gaal 's appointment at united , particularly for his attacking style .
 simone richardson contracted viral infection while pregnant .
 columnist dick metcalf has written gun reviews for decades .
ipc world championships will be held at the london marath .
former president dropped hint during television interview .
greg sommer and ulrich schaff now working on a mobile app for men .
scientists say fertility solutions have traditionally been focussed on women .
 president pledged to shut guantanamo bay prison five years ago .
share prices dropped by 11 per cent after announcement .
boss michael o'leary has promised to stop ` p ****** off ' customers .
garage had been sold to mark besemann by weber 's sister in 2013 .
besemann is suing weber for $ 40,000 damages over the garage .
 isis has set up their own police force in northern iraqi province of nineveh .
a judge rules on monday they must wear electronic monitors and can not have contact .
parents had told both kids their six-month relationship was ` too serious '
 the former wba heavyweight champion has n't fought since 2012 .
sales of the breaded fish slices have fallen more than 2 % this year .
fresh fish is doing better as shoppers choose tuna , salmon and crabmeat .'
 kerry described the islamic group as a ` unifying threat to a broad array of countries ' in an opinion piece written for the new york times .
omeruo starred on loan for middlesbrough this year .'
david moyes wants to bring the costa rica forward to sociedad .
 the former test driver was dead by the time emergency services arrived .
police ` assuming natural death ' and say there was no sign of violence .
a book chronicling her life was due for release on monday .
 zacarias moussaoui , 46 , filed court documents claiming saudis funded 9/11 .
 noel gallagher says manchester city should not expand etihad stadium .
 tailgate of bono 's learjet came off as it flew 8,000 ft over the german coast .
the mother , 29 , said the homemade badges on their uniforms are a ` protest ' .
only france have a more lucrative deal with a # 36m a year sponsorship .
 southampton are set for a # 70million spending spree .
girl , 12 , was told she would have to study alone all day or be sent home .
and scientists have warned the drought could last up to 100 years .
 security expert jacob appelbaum has revealed that the nsa has the technology to turn your iphone into an eavesdropping device .
last baby with condition died in indian village at two months .
alleges social workers at foster home in rotherham knew about the abuse .
says attacks were ` ethnic violence ' inspired by domestic political leaders .
diego costa is training despite reported hamstring problems .
costa has failed to score for spain in any of his five games for them .
shows clips of suicide bombers , executions and bodies thrown off cliffs .
collier was on the mit campus responding to a disturbance report .
 schoolboy morgan spence , 15 , from kilbarchan , renfrewshire , spent three weeks creating the two-minute video .
 josh sundquist is celebrating his selection for the u.s. soccer team .
mr ward , from middlesbrough , said his son had ` the courage of 10 men ' .
 british airways claimed two top gongs in the conde nast traveller poll .
there is no confirmed date as to when tinder plus will become available .
 andy flanagan was rescued from dying on debated liverpool care pathway .
glenn hoddle and jamie carragher were pundits on sky sports .
aguero has scored 17 goals in 18 appearances so far this season .'
ravi bopara has been a team-mate of cook 's for more than 15 years .
gareth bale and luis suarez swapped spurs and liverpool for spain .
 court ordered # 40 million in compensation to be paid to schocken family .
northwestern energy was concerned about safety of high-voltage pole .
james chester penalty decision was wrong .
 louis van gaal and his squad met on monday to dissect the 5-3 defeat at leicester city .
were all fired .
 paris nurse treated france 's first confirmed ebola case .
cameron attacked the ` unacceptable ' shooting down on flight mh17 .
his parents will not be told about her career as they ` would n't understand ' .
the queen has been purchasing launer bags for 40 years .
newcastle united boss alan pardew does not want the winger to return .
 manchester united finished seventh in the premier league last season .
vardy was at fleetwood before joining championship winners leicester .'
the 61-year-old is preparing to undergo a surgical sex change .
died after blood clots moved from her legs to lungs .'
the friend has now been named as mississippi lawyer michael b. holleman .
 mcilroy posed as the fictional spy ahead of the uspga .
borussia dortmund forward has also been linked with arsenal and liverpool .
 sarah colwill , 38 , gained a chinese accent following a migraine .
 the ferguson , missouri cop 's legal attorneys said he is currently negotiating his resignation from the police department .
 classic theme tune has been integral to show since 1970 .
lebron james scores 35 points after making 14 of his 22 shots .
game three takes place in miami on tuesday .'
 paul nelson , 26 , collapsed after suffering headache and coughing up blood .
 george tucudean gave charlton the lead with his first goal for the club .
 meulensteen left manchester united in 2013 when moyes became manager .
moyes said in sportsmail 's exclusive interview : ' i asked him to stay ' .
goalkeeper has passed his medical ahead of a # 2m switch .
sunderland are keen to strike a deal with city for the midfielder .
former united midfielder believes has has ` handled retirement ok ' .
janet kisa , 19 years pavey 's junior , finished second .
sevilla man was then headbutted by lopez before a brawl ensued .
 ac milan striker had been linked with a move to anfield .
our streets ! '
civil liberty groups have launched a legal challenge against spy agency activities at the investigatory powers tribunal .
 premier league fixtures for 2013-14 season announced .
 the opening weekend of the season saw 26 goals scored in premier league .
it was created with dna taken from a 12-year-old dachshund , winnie .
in both cases , the officers were acquitted of the charges after trial by jury .
he married his wife over 40 years ago and has three children .
germany won a fourth world cup with victory against argentina in the final .
 alexander economou launched private prosecution against eleanor de freitas because she had accused him of rape .
 chelsea manager jose mourinho refused to meet the media on friday .
 amazon is among list of firms being probed by european commission .
 louis van gaal has named an unchanged man united line-up at tottenham .
 afc wimbledon face liverpool in the fa cup third round on monday .
alternatively , they can block and report users who are inappropriate .
 area the size of rhode island affected .
the case was brought up again this year and she was re-convicted in january .
 sir benjamin slade says the ` beast of north norton ' has been on his land .
 al-qaeda have published the twelfth issue of their propaganda magazine .
surrogate mother disappeared before formally giving consent for them to become parents .
scientists will monitor crocodile 's movements in malaysian borneo .
pictures were taken when mantis were only a minute old .'
mikel arteta has a good day on his first appearance as permanent captain .
 michelle obama and rahm emanuel clashed over health care reform , new book reveals .
admirers include actor stephen fry , who posted a video of her on twitter .
 dr terence burley had faced eight charges at cambridge crown court .
mr thompson stepped down as head of the bbc last month .
plan was comprises of 10 exercises for women and was designed in 1950s .
 manchester united beat leicester 3-1 at old trafford on saturday .
the assault was launched from turkey to syria on camp osama bin laden .
mila described the precious stone as ' a symbol of hope '
 krystal cantu , 25 , from texas , had her right arm amputated in august 2013 .
alice left her home in hanwell , west london , for the last time on 28 august .
school lifts ban on boys wearing shorts following his protest .
 kathleen chitty lives in small , three-bedoom house in welsh-speaking village .
u.k. doctor has endorsed the controversial u.s. diet .'
batman : arkham origins looked impressive - albeit more of the same .
the pair lived in california until mr adam 's death in 2012 .
ukrainian secret service officers freed him and arrested the gang .'
 frank lampard returned to stamford bridge with manchester city .
murder , suicides and economic ruin have plagued its inhabitants .
sigg 's mother sniffed paint during pregnancy and he was born with a head abnormality .
propelled into the air after crashing into roadside barrier at speed .
the 78-year-old also fought in a militant paramilitary group .
britons consider any temperature above 28.2 c as being too hot for summer .
 waseem daker met loretta spencer blatz in 1995 when they were on the same paintball team .
spaniard arteta is currently the vice-captain at the club .
leon match could be suarez 's first for the club .
jack wilshere emerges as holding midfield option for arsenal .
police found him in possession of stolen electronics as well as hypodermic needles , cocaine and a metal spoon .
 harlequins beat london irish 20-15 at twickenham .
angelo mathews ' batting record as captain second only to sir don bradman .
spanish striker ends three-and-a-half difficult years at stamford bridge .
also a week since trolls posted a fake photograph of robin williams to his daughter claiming it was her dead father .
 joan camberwell , 86 , and thomas mcgonigal , 84 , enjoyed impromptu dance .
now it will feature posts from popular accounts and trending content .
van gaal has had a poor start at united - drawing and losing two matches .
bilbao take away goal to second leg this wednesday thanks to iker muniain .
burns kicked 16 points after replacing now toulouse fly-half toby flood .'
she was inspired to write it after losing fiance and her own cocker spaniel .
vlaar would be fourth choice central defender at arsenal .
 the northern irishman revealed his delight at meeting up with the politician .
 californian-based company schiller has designed a water bike .
company says products are designed to explain world events to children .
united fans have voiced their unhappiness at welbeck 's sale .
rodgers ' passion is developing young players at liverpool .
weapons dealers sipped on champagne just yards from poppy memorial .
 manchester united are hoping to complete deal for angel di maria this week .
23-year-old has been loaned out to six different clubs including fulham and bolton .
u.s. officials have not yet confirmed godane is among the dead .'
but now , charity has decided to return funds ` out of respect ' for celebrities .
 agent jon smith recalled the dramatic deal on bt sport on monday .
he brought steven gerrard a signed barcelona shirt as a gift .
youngsters are from stamford rugby club in lincolnshire and were on way home after playing in a tournament at holt , norfolk .
 donovan lamar haynes , 23 , was sentenced to a minimum of 18 years and nine months in prison in flint , michigan on monday .
the 29-year-old nurse had a fever when she flew on commercial flight .
 ryan palmer shot an eight-under-par round of 63 to take a two-shot lead .
the brain 's workings are dictated by stereotypes and attitudes , she said .
the 16-year-old reportedly texted guardiola ' i love having sex with you ' .
 mcdowell sank the winning putt during the 2010 ryder cup in wales .
to commemorate him , his family spread his ashed at sea and sent out a message in a bottle from half moon bay .
1 slot .
 google 's autonomous cars ca n't navigate 99 % of the us , an insider said .
images comprise of young girl holding a skateboard , baby meeting a dog for the first time and identical twins with hen .
jamie carragher says liverpool can challenge for the title .
falcao moved to manchester united on loan from monaco on monday .
attenborough was on the chelea board for throughout the 1970s .
fifa have confirmed that they have ratified the loan deal for guidetti .
pilot reported cracked windscreen shortly after take-off .
reports resurfaced that questioned the legitimacy of falcao 's age , claiming he was 30 and not 28 .
he was stabbed in the leg at 6am on thursday while on holiday in tenerife .
promoter eddie hearn has confirmed that brook has not injured his arm .
romania defeated greece is their euro 2016 qualifier .
ali visited tyson in a youth detention centre and he seemed ` awesome ' .
serena williams , who is playing in wta finals , criticized head 's comments .  '
luke donald was controversially left out despite never being on losing side .
moeen ali top scored with 67 from 50 balls .
fewer than 1,000 of these swiss watches were ever made .
performed for the prince at charity concerts and had dinners at his home .
just the day before , the record had been broken with a 756-pound alligator .
prompted by discovery that spiders are attracted by the gasoline vapours .
interpreters helped him through training - now he is teaching his colleagues sign language .'
officers were bitten during a raid at the owner 's house last year .
 newcastle are prepared to let mapou yanga-mbiwa leave on loan .
 hamilton records his first pole position since may 's spanish grand prix .
better minutes-per-goals ratio in italy than alan shearer in premier league .
three red cards in england , just one in italy .
pontbriand has two young children which she leave behind for prison .'
ffp means chelsea and manchester city are out of the running .
luis suarez aiming to be fit and ready to play when his ban ends .
spain are in contact with chelsea regarding the striker 's fitness .
women were taller in only 4 per cent of the couples studied , while partners of equal height were even rarer .
 amir khan is set to fight devon alexander in las vegas on december 13 .
says mcilroy broke news over the phone and has n't heard from him again .
play was delayed when a black cat ran on to the pitch before being removed by stewards .
70-80 % of the wandin north home was damaged .
she then met paul abbey by playing call of duty against him online .
 up to 300 canadians are fighting on the side of islamist groups in iraq and afghanistan .
 cech was on the bench as courtois started against burnley .
mrs willson grew up in home before buying it from parents for # 2000 in 1961 .
she raised her own children at property and has lived there for last 75 years .'
 louis van gaal does not decide which players manchester united sign .
sunderland looking to sign croatia defender vedran corluka .'
supporters group holmesdale fanatics chanted obscenities .
friends of comedian have said she is making a slow but steady recovery .
 joy lowther , 28 , went into labour during a trip to the supermarket .
joy and her partner kevin smith , 26 , have another son named frank .'
lev 's mother is former u.s. ambassador to holy see and current president of pontifical academy for social sciences .
 sebastian senakiewicz , 24 , and mark neiweem , 22 , are the latest suspects .
 phone rumoured to show images that ` float above the screen like holograms ' .
early tools were also found beside the remains of the infants in alaska .
model of the moment gigi hadid and hannah davis also linked with cover spot .
operation fast and furious was a failed gun-trafficking probe .'
manchester united target koke is valued at # 30million .
former england boss capello has gone unpaid since june .
 cole was reprimanded by jose mourinho after being caught smoking .
friend wrote that jessica had visited mother yesterday .
 jericho the horse gives baboon a tour of the animal sanctuary grounds .
says agency will only listen to phone calls if they have obtained court order .
 dr marc faber , a swiss investor , says an ' 87-type crash ' is coming .
precedent : in 1971 democrats allowed a suffering senator to vote in party leadership elections from his louisiana deathbed .
 layni cameron was sentenced to three years behind bars on monday .
 jacob horner , now 20 , ballooned to a huge 28st by the age of just 16 .
 raheem sterling is yet to sign a new long-term contract with liverpool .
the rest of the 90 minutes were goalless after wonder strike settled match .
 linda lancashire from derbyshire runs business from her bungalow .
 landon jones , 12 , lost his appetite and sense of thirst overnight .
when he died in 2002 , his son john-henry had him cryogenically frozen in arizona .
its whereabouts have been unknown since before world war ii .
philippe senderos , nathan baker , joe cole and ashley westwood all out .
america is home to 5.5 million jews , with two million living in new york .
jewish population growth a result of those from diaspora returning .
 sinn fein politician will sit down with fiona woolf at the guildhall .
james rodriguez is a major doubt after injuring his calf against celta vigo .
the prince of wales and his wife camilla were widely congratulated at today 's royal welsh show .
 rosie has just released collection to mark one year of her designs with m&s .
 carlo nash was caught doing 140mph on the a11 in wymondham , norwich .
their creation was placed on the cathedral altar after the war ended .
these sensors would tell the app which room a homeowner is in .
judge has praised officers and detained haughton indefinitely .
two nurses who looked after duncan at texas health presbyterian hospital have been infected with the disease .
 dutch airline boss used vladimir putin 's villa as his ` bathroom ' .
reveals a sociable baby with a powerful personality .
 emma mcquiston wed viscount weymouth two months ago .
another dates from 1900 and was taken using a kodak box brownie .
ex-cardiff schoolboy previously featured in chilling isis recruitment video .
similar connections can be set up on any device using ` tethering '
knox returned to us after she and raffaele sollecito were cleared in 2011 .
usb devices like smartphones can then be plugged in and charged .'
 british tourists named as shaun brotherston , 20 , and bradley price , 21 .
snl cast member , taran killam , prances around with her pretending to be speaker john boehner .
 nearly 95 per cent of over-65 's do not consider themselves ` old ' .
but he said the success of the groundbreaking gadget depends on price .'
the ac/dc drummer was due to appear at 9am on wednesday .
court also shown card he sent to her with message about ` sex ' on cover .
 teodoro nguema obiang mangue will surrender more than $ 30m in assets .
this is because item remains outside the u.s. , alongside his ` thriller ' jacket .
 millicent waddell , 16 , had left london to live in somerset with her mother .
 louis denyer , 29 , grew up around the animals and calls himself ` cat man ' .
dealt with , ' mayor said .
 pets deli in the gruenewald district of berlin caters for pampered pets .
 tomasz kuszczak has joined wolverhampton wanderers .
the women say it gives them a beautiful smile and improves gum health .'
 paramedics are making ` ebola suits ' in fear of outbreak of disease in australia .
once the skin is removed , the arms grab , move and stick like normal .
 george clooney to marry amal alamuddin in venice on monday .
her young children angus and bronte joined her on set .
baby was inside , unharmed , with pitbull guarding the door .'
the village 's three other children spend an hour travelling to high school .
allseas says it will enter offshore operations next year - but an even bigger ship will be built by 2020 .
eliaquim mangala was sent off and vincent kompany was forced off late on with a hamstring complaint .
buddy was put inside the ambulance and taken to hospital .
 diego costa is leading the premier league goalscoring charts with 17 .
others use the sound made by the wings of male insects , which females avoid once they 've mated .
 former man united boss david moyes saw liverpool defeat burnley .
she fear the incident and lack of sleep may have affected her performance .'
 eats ketchup with every meal including breakfast .
three bottle-a-week habit costs her over # 300 a year .
incident is further bad news for revel casino which is closing down .
 four-year-old fae platten stopped breathing on a flight home from tenerife .
a zimbabwean man ignored three warnings about eating nuts on board .
ryanair said the unknown passenger would be banned for two years .
 tetleys has insured sebastian michaelis ' tongue for # 1 million .
santa maria was lost off after running aground on explorer 's first voyage .
 michelle rider lost custody of her son isaiah , 16 , on april 15 .
 conde nast traveler reveals 18th annual hot list .
she says public is too far removed from farming process .
 mumia abu-jamal convicted of 1981 killing of philadelphia officer daniel faulkner .
lady andrea were arrested in bahamas last month .
halos are clumps of dark matter than surround every known galaxy .
the british no 1 defended coach amelie mauresmo from criticism .
 judith nibbs was found decapitated at her shoreditch home .
he is in a critical condition in hospital while police wait to question him .
police spotted him driving slowly past manchester airport .
nick robinson and alex salmond clashed at a press conference last week .
a source now says authorities in westchester county , new york have deemed the boy 's death a homicide by sodium poisoning .
 the house is perched on top of a cliff in dorset with views of the solent and the needles .
he met third wife annette hill online and they married in 2008 .
had been employed by both staffordshire and cleveland police between 1996 and 2011 .
 stephanie houghton has scored in each of gb 's three olympic women 's football matches .
 manchester united have a deal in place to sign radamel falcao .
hosts russia were knocked out in the group stages in brazil .'
vidic left old trafford in the summer to join inter milan .
essien does n't think anyone can catch chelsea in the premier league .
other witnesses claimed in statements clifers had individually named the bears and that his wife was also featured in the feeding videos .
 gobind singh , 29 , delivered messages during battle of cambrai in 1917 .
conner , who died in 1998 at age 79 distinguished himself during 28 straight months in combat .
 camilla was speaking during a three-day visit to saudi arabia .
 guards and k9 units are stationed at ninoy aquino international airport .
 wife claims phil goldsworthy is having an affair with road-rage murderer .
tracie andrews , who knifed her fiance to death , works at pub with mr goldsworthy .
police fire tear gas after clashes with protesters in athens .'
debate will be held ahead of may 's european parliament elections .
 usman yasin found guilty of hitting patricia pearson , 81 , as she drove to visit her husband at a care home .'
 national aquarium has outgrown its current building in washington , dc .
the friend has now been named as mississippi lawyer michael b. holleman .
volkswagen has now made the car a reality , but it is only a one-off concept .
the extremely terrified woman was squashed against the rear window as the front of the car quickly sank .
 roona begum suffers from a severe case of hydrocephalus .
the eight-week pregnancy was terminated because there was no heartbeat .
kovalev , who beat nathan cleverly comfortably in august 2013 , has promised to ` send the alien to mars ' .
 the camera becomes detached as the man pulls his parachute .
mansion is owned by daniel kinahan , son of drug lord christy .
speaking on twitter , he said : ` gutted and confused about what happened '
police tracked down flores and arrested him for attempted murder .
the raiders ransacked the house in arcadia , hamilton county , indiana .
mayweather 's next bout will come against marcos maidana in september .
sir alex ferguson was pictured having breakfast with the pair .'
comes after standoff between instagram and twitter over photo apps .
he heard couple susan and carl smith were fans and decided to drop in .
couple said performance was ` legendary ' and they were still in ` disbelief '
 centuries-old trees in salento , puglia , are infected by xylella fastidiosa .
hearn is working very hard to organise froch-groves re-match .
showdown between pacquiao and floyd mayweather scheduled for may 2 .
her brother thomas is said to be the best friend of prince harry .
kate was not at the wedding signalling she is still struggling with sickness .
khan has given the american until the end of the week to decide .
 the queen was at her balmoral estate as the results of the vote came in .
mayweather earned $ 70m from mgm grand fight .
 george groves beat christopher rebrasse to claim the european title .
he is now the mandatory challenger to world champion anthony dirrell .
stars at the event included julia roberts and bradley whitford .
bernard hopkins -lrb- 49 -rrb- became the oldest man to unify world titles .
her majesty is thought to be strongly in favour of scotland remaining in uk .
 inri cristo , 66 , from brasilia , brazil , believes he is a reincarnation of the son of god .
anonymous police sources say they were killed to prevent them joining isis .
essex police apologise , adding : ` we should have responded on the day '
but before take-off , pig started screaming and defecating on plane floor .
lulu , aged six , from buenos aires was born a boy named manuel .
i think my record speaks for itself , ' she told gwen ifill .
she learned how to cope with women going into labour .
two jailed in absentia as they are still ` on the run ' after daring prison break .
her baby ` was fathered by 16-year-old student she advised ' .
in revenge the care worker took a razor and cut off their testicles .
two cases of witch hunting were reported to police over the period .
has said that the equipment and training soldiers were given was lacking .
psg face barcelona in champions league on tuesday .
 protesters threw rocks at studio overlooking copacabana beach in rio .
 chris eubank jnr faces dmitry chudinov at the o2 arena on february 28 .
 carl frampton to fight chris avalos in belfast on february 28 .
 manny pacquiao will go toe-to-toe with floyd mayweather on may 2 .
mayweather posted an image of the signed contract for upcoming fight .
students at school in south jordan , utah , calling on teachers to apologize .
her husband chris had found her labelled with ` do not resuscitate ' notice .
her mma fighter boyfriend war machine , aka jon koppenhaver , is wanted by police .
judge maurice green said the case brought home the dangers of taking illegal drugs more than any other .
shadow transport secretary : ` our rail fares are among highest in europe '
she wore spotty # 38 zara t-shirt under green ralph lauren blazer .
 russian president has insisted that his troops are not fighting in ukraine .
he defended minnesota vikings player adrian peterson , who is accused of beating two of his children .
 defector 's job was managing finances of recently ousted jang song thaek .
he was among first to be convicted for spreading anti-gay material .
she also lied about when she learned that her husband rusty sneiderman had been killed .
escapees have told of how the women are either sold as brides or raped .
had it hit , the asteroid could have levelled a small city .'
carved bone and glass coffin ornaments were discovered near the bones .
 pony disguised as a lion performs at horse of the year show .
james ' two children with atkins were in the house at the time of the shooting .
hodgson pleased with the competition for striker places in his squad .'
the actor was an amateur boxer in the 1960s and 70s .'
 today marks the anniversary of the twin mars rovers , spirit and opportunity .
prince of wales and duchess of cornwall meet boxing hopefuls , badminton players and cyclists in stadiums .
 labour leader 's wreath message said : ` from the leader of the opposition ' .
 doves are traditionally released in st peter 's square at the end of january .
 chelsea boss jose mourinho was disappointed with the performance of his fringe players .
 more than 100 dolphins rode the wave simultaneously in western australia .
the 38-year-old collided with a ferrari driver before crashing into a wall .
 alaskan women looking for love is a new six-part reality series from tlc .
the stars say they are on a quest to find a ` man with at least one ab '
klopp 's side remain bottom of the bundesliga .
he is selling poppies at asda in bolton ahead of remembrance sunday .
 ronnie o'sullivan played through the game with a broken ankle .
the barcelona star was in action against athletic bilbao on sunday night .
 frank lampard 's move to manchester city surprised a few .
 borussia dortmund stay rooted to the bottom of the bundesliga .
ramires also set to be available for west london derby .
but harry 's share expected to be higher due to accumulated interest .
 andrew rector , 26 , of new york , fell asleep during a new york yankees game on april 13 .
pippa middleton and other family members gathered to meet new arrival .
west african country is currently the uk 's biggest military deployment .
his superiors thought he 'd been killed and wrote to his family to tell them .
 images show doberman arnaque sticking his tongue out after a treat .
were snapped by his owner and pet photographer catherin arsenault .
colombian artist dubbed ` disgusting ' , ` stupid ' and a ` traitor ' by spaniards .
both were with in spain with a village cricket club on tour .'
 ronnie o'sullivan was beaten 4-3 by matthew stevens at the welsh open .
 stephen hendry was offered wildcard to qualify for world championship .
former no 1 will not compete this year but may return in the future .
cambridge union president instead asked if she knew any male debaters .
she revealed that she was abused by two residential care workers at the red tile home , near nottingham .
but the only way is essex star will still pocket an estimated # 40,000 .
appeared in just three episodes of the itv show set in australian jungle .
 defending champion ronnie o'sullivan scathing about new welsh venue .
# 50million series of commemorations planned for next year .
juventus are willing to but the midfielder , while ac milan can only loan him .
 matija nastasic has failed to establish himself at manchester city .
 sherry fuller , 40 , caught pork tapeworms from contaminated food or water .
 fluoride is essential for bone and .
 david luiz left chelsea for paris saint-germain in a # 50m deal last summer .
 manchester city go through if they win against roma and cska lose .
click here to follow chelsea vs sporting lisbon live .'
leah , who was diagnosed with stage 4 cancer in june , is hoping he 'll do the robot dance just for her .  '
more than 100,000 africans reached italy this year , while 2,000 died trying .
neuer helped germany win a fourth world cup in brazil .
the car was found shortly after , but there was no sign on the baby girl .
 greys used by producers chosen to reflect hues popular at the time .
image , believed to be from first game , was mistakenly thought to be genuine .
marx 's dog was not injured but the pit bull had to be euthanized .
 philadelphia 76ers rookie michael carter-williams is guaranteed $ 4.5 million for his first two seasons .
 ty , the eldest son of kateri and jay schwandt , is 21 years old .
new baby tucker was born august 4th .'
he was among 17 new governors sworn in , several of whom are islamists .
his mother michelle lodzinski has been arrested for the youngster 's murder .
woodstock high has now issued apology for girls ' ` inappropriate ' actions .
worked on x factor for five years and travels all over world with one direction .'
wisdom .
announced foreign secretary william hague would make a statement .
avatar depicts tebbit being lifted from bomb wreckage .
 rupesh nawarkhele and kavita nawarkhele , of southampton , died in india .
 youth unemployment figures out today showed one million people aged 16-25 are out of work .
also said to be a better footballer than ed and a ` really nice bloke '
 bob humphries , 89 , of somerset , and bernie bluett , 87 , lost touch .
council claimed that the scheme ` was never about making money '
jacquelina sabetta and her husband were both previously married .
she gasped and her mask filled up with water - but instructors stepped in and saved her from choking .
police said they ` agonised ' over what to do with the remains for months .
was demolished in the 1970s and rebuilt nearby from the original bricks .
 the woman posted pictures of the apparently dead patient lying in a bed .
holly bobo , 20 , has been missing since april 2011 .
the two tied the know on nov. 16 in hugo , oklahoma .
ordered to pay all back by christmas eve or face 20 months in prison .
london .
ucl maths lecturer claims this is ` perfect ' serve .
a pregnant 20-year-old woman from slovakia was sold for up to # 15,000 .
 danica weeks ' husband paul disappeared on the malaysia airlines boeing 777 .
 yan jianbin was working in northern china when he was electrocuted .
 george weiss says lucan had bought the cat for his children as a present .
woman carried up escalator at london euston after her heel gets caught .
 paul and xanta watts booked three-week dream honeymoon to asia .
found a home after just two months but returned after a week .
she denies the footage is of her and has insisted it is a ` hoax or fake '
 trains are able pivot like a ferris wheel as they reach tower .
 gigantic polar clouds of hydrogen cyanide spotted high in atmosphere .
4x4 owners must now have underground or secure parking , it is said .
when they arrived at check-in , they were told that their booking did n't exist .
lawrence was part of team which uncovered site more than 100 years ago .
 the eight-foot tree is on southbank in london and was lit up on tuesday .
three men believed to be homeless were arrested for stabbing calderon .
in 2009 after suffering liver disease loredana died of a heart attack .
 dr michael mosley told itv 's this morning the myths harm health and morale .
 syrup was stolen from the st. louis-de-blandford site where over 10million pounds of the sweet stuff is stored .
hunter 's book , ` what really happened , ' is due out june 26 .
five students were tested by an unknown examiner at her home .
she has been convicted of seven counts of fraud by sheffield magistrates .
thousands gather at centre of oslo for minute 's silence .
 delay in releasing glass to public means developers are ditching device .
users of the service need a twitter handle and bank account .
gay ran fastest 100m time this year with 9.75 s .
they use twigs and bags to show how bodies were thrown and shot .
mayor ` demanded that the police taught a lesson to the students ' .
 the 83-year-old said he was angry at the claims because they are ` lies ' .
comedian 's lawyer has said he will ` dignify ' allegations with a response .
30-year-old grew crystals on a variety of classic books .'
 daniel sturridge broke down in liverpool training on monday .
most people say she should become princess consort instead .
 savile was appointed to look into how patients were treated by staff .
19-year-old released from hospital after allegedly being beaten with a mace .
 trayvon martin , 17 , was shot dead by neighbourhood watch leader in primarily white , gated neighbourhood .
 laszlo molnar , 67 , ` caught raping dementia patient , 83 , ' charged with rape .
aa adult family home in washington shut down , all residents moved .
denied that it would affect a run for president in 2016 .
ceremony marked what would have been dickens ' 202nd birthday .
the statue was made despite dickens dying wish not to make one .
 the rev.
 found guilty of capital murder in trial that began on march 5 .
she and her husband joshua bearden had just returned from a two-year world trip .
 neymar , 22 , unveiled as face of police 's ss15 range .
comes as brussels demands an extra # 1.7 billion by december 1 .
 richard e grant has launched a brand new unisex fragrance .
 ` geneva 2 ' will take place on fringes of un general assembly later this month .
john kerry reveals plan after ` constructive ' talks with russian counterpart .
he will take charge of palace 's fa cup third round trip to dover athletic .
prices start at # 5.99 .
 miami police report said woman , 25 , woke up in hospital after blacking out .
she ` was with players including 49ers quarterback colin kaepernick ' .
crisis team dispatched after call from viceroy hotel at 12.03 am on april 2 .
all four taken in for extensive ` rehab ' at reserve in yunnan province , china .
 david and lucy benton-jones organise honeymoons for newlyweds .
have three honeymoon babies under five years of age .
 pc kevin wasboonma filmed attacking pc michael scullion outside pub .
 cara , 23 , has designed a 15 piece range for luxury brand .
 gown designed for victoria , princess royal , in 1841 .
he quizzes customers he does not know at shop in christchurch , dorset .
the reactive paint was added to the car by uk bodyshop auto kandy .
 ss mantola went down in 1917 with # 12m of silver aboard .
david cameron has shown support for a gay marriage bill .
inge 's domineering mother forced her to give their baby away .
co-chairman jim phipps called the decision a ` defeat for principles ' .
 mehdi benatia among manchester city 's transfer targets .
 tottenham meet sevilla defender 's # 8m buy-out clause .
the 27-year-old fazio has two argentina caps and is 6ft 5ins tall .
 sunderland make approach for peru international paolo guerrero .
the images have haunted him ever since and he tried to commit suicide .
has now been diagnosed a ` new ' form of post-traumatic stress disorder .
arsene wenger said he had watched the video back .
 state television claims iran has already deployed the home-brew models .
 village 's inhabitants had kept star wars director 's purchase secret .
 oliver borg , 16 , has rejected terms with west ham .
 west ham keeping tabs on striker facundo ferreyra 's situation .
the former propaganda officer said he 's now just a ` puppet leader ' .
the teen was taking part in a gap year expedition in south africa .
family have already been approached by modelling firms wanting leo .
mr justice nicol said incedal sketched out ideas for the armed heist .
 ftse ends day up by 30.55 points .
 jay z and wife beyonce were rated the most powerful people in the american establishment by vanity fair magazine .
new additions to this years list include steve jobs ' widow laurene powell jobs and jenna lyons , the creative director of j. crew .
 vidal told reporters at italian airport that : ' i do not go to manchester ' .
 edurne garcia will be representing spain with her song ` amanecer ' .
the bbc commentator made the blunder when he thought he was off air .
dropped the half-time clanger during the blues ' 2-1 win over wolves .
mr bo is alleged to have tried to prevent the police chief reporting that briton neil heywood had been murdered .
 militants believe triangular snack ` resembles christian holy trinity '
 tottenham and aston villa players were involved in a ruckus .
police surrounded playground and swooped on 57-year-old suspect .
his brother rahman , 71 , said muhammad ` does n't speak too well ' now .
jd williams wants to promote body confidence with its new advert .
killer ` did not have much of a life ' apart from work and gaming .
archbishop says number of extremists is ` extraordinarily small '
 arsenal face southampton at st mary 's stadium on thursday .
they hope to use them to identify scents left on items touched by criminals .
it is being reported they conducted five airstrikes using both manned and unmanned aircraft .
30-year-old will see out remainder of chelsea contract in italy until june 2016 .
subjected to brutal beatings and kept without food or water for 31 hours .
 the military is destroying buildings at bagram airfield 50 km north of kabul .
the site at amphipolis is believed to be the largest ancient tomb to have been discovered in greece .
cambiasso revealed he may stay with leicester city for longer than a year .'
france forward hatem ben arfa has interest from monaco and nice .
 sir john major said ` sheer scale of the influx ' strained britain 's resources .
criticised ` anti-everything ' ukip as a ` thoroughly negative body ' .
she became the first person to win both titles in the same year .
 kohl 's sons peter and walter say they are not allowed access to their father .
 social media giant detected attempts to gain access to users ' details .
newcastle united have been long-term admirers of the 41-year-old .
 wilfried bony failed to score for swansea against liverpool on monday .
john carver is currently in caretaker charge of newcastle .
carver has been involved with newcastle since the early nineties .'
 dave rosenbarger , 38 , from oregon , buried by snow in chamonix .
police : she was encouraged to carry out the attack by her brother .
fifa regulations state that window can only be open for 31 days .
u.s. administration supported iraq during the eight-year conflict .
 cole up against leighton baines and luke shaw for england spot .
 joel campbell has claimed his loan to villarreal ` means a lot ' to him .
court hears dewani gave cards and cash to thank staff for caring for him .
 kyle kraska of kfmb-tv was shot while sitting in his car outside his home .
despite offers of help , model was reportedly released from jail same night .
nokia apologies : ` this was not shot with a lumia 920 .
 video posted online shows wakeboarder being dragged by ferrari f50 .
appeared topless in the september issue of interview magazine .
those in james turner street , birmingham , said they were misrepresented .
 wayne rooney entertains ed sheeran fans with song alongside star .
 big air package by christo will leave visitors ` swimming in light ' .
al-qaeda trains children , many of them orphans , to be terrorists .
boasts a proud record in rescuing animals and re-homing them .
 anthony toth spends $ 200,000 converting garage into airliner cabin .
amal 's mother lives in london and amal works there and has many british friends .
 businessman kris maharaj was convicted of miami double murder in 1986 .
jhon jairo velasquez vasquez has spoken out from a secret location .
turkish giants face gunners in champions league .
 delvin barnes , 37 , charged with attempted capital murder in connection to october 1 kidnapping in richmond , virginia .
now his former vice president has also given up all animal-based food .
father of the girl , now 17 , saw evidence of the encounter on her phone .
the tweet with perfect punctuation was signed off by ` elizabeth r ' .
father suffered heart attack after cradling dead daughter in his arms .
australian transport safety bureau had been examining photographs .
lawyer rosemarie arnold says her clients were late for work and that one suffered a panic attack because of the lane closures on an approach to the george washington bridge .
she said they should have recommended judicial separation instead .
case is rejected at the court of appeal by lord justice briggs .
sanchez smothered her with a blanket , before dumping body in bathroom .
 bbc two drama called ` marvellous ' was aired last thursday .
 student whitney orlando , 27 , met professor marcia klotz , 52 , when she took a feminist literature course in 2009 .
 patrick otema , 15 , is from uganda and was born deaf .
he remained in an induced coma for four days before being woken up .
has also raised more than # 4,000 for charity after organising a ball .'
friends said he was depressed after moving to jiaxing , working long hours .
she sparked outrage after ` violating ebola quarantine ' in october .
 aspiring actress sophie spencer , 24 , died after her car struck a tree .
 more than 120 former prostitutes seeking $ 10,000 each in compensation .
flew 852 missions against the germans in a rickety wooden biplane .
guppy is an old friend of the mayor of london and of earl spencer .
carol vorderman , 51 , looks 53 bare-faced - but 46 with full make-up .'
after throwing water at the journalist , the man confessed : ' i smoke a little dope ' .
police spokesperson said : ` we like to ensure a warm welcome to all our guests at hq '
 sussex and surrey police officers will ` name and shame ' those charged .
music and movie sites integrated into new profile pages .
as a result , thousands of users discovered that their mobiles were locked .
allegedly murdered baby when her british employed denied her holiday .
 suresh kumar was caught pinning a teenage girl against a wall .
vast majority are young men under 35 who are dissatisfied with wage and nearly a quarter say britain is the country where they 'd most like to settle .
obama and his marijuana smoking ` choom gang ' of privately-educated kids at hawaiian high school .
devere is now living on the mainland after serving his life sentence .
a number of students have been targeted and mugged by criminal gangs .
 jess kerr , one , has patau syndrome which causes her to stop breathing .
she has just celebrated her first birthday - a landmark she was not expected to reach .'
 eman and tiffany moss were both arrested and face several charges in the girl 's death .
 views of famous butcher yves-marie le bourdonnec not gone down well .
the dog was adopted just two days after receiving the makeover .
 hints for tennis star included ` try your best ' and ` focus on each point ' .
in one image , workmen are seen barbecuing a pig over an oil drum .
figures were disclosed in the party 's latest transparency data .
 ` shams ' claims she is 26-years-old and travelled to syria from malaysia .
new rules by the home office are to ` engage addicts in support services ' .
said parties were attended by other households names in showbusiness , but never any women .
and users will be directed towards alternative sites , promoted on the site .
 iain duncan smith says almost all ringfences will have to ` disappear ' .
# 18.99 mascara promises not to budge in the shower or during sleep .'
dragon 's den star tweeted about the business on sunday .
hughes ' best mate was asking others to join him in paying tribute .
females who finished college lived for 83.9 years , males for 80.4 .
 poignant moment as he declares : ` happy father 's day , dad - this one 's for you ' .
his parents were jailed for trying to cover up the crime in bournemouth .
 whistleblower : some in brighton cid have not passed detective exams .
family claims it proves he was running away from the officer .
one patrol car was not apprehended despite driving at 86mph .
 torquay united 's gilbert the gull spotted arguing with fans during a match .
 kimberly wookey of terrace , british columbia was able to catch a mysterious noise from above on video thursday .
culture secretary questions whether domination of bbc website .
 al qaeda in the .
 alcatel 's 1010 phone costs just # 5 from asda on the t-mobile network .
it can make and receive calls and texts but can not use apps .
the french-born model is now starring in allsaints portrait series .
it automatically adjusts the position of slats based on room temperature .
 researchers have found women have higher levels of foxp2 protein .
a gathered crowd cheers as they each make perfect landings in the water .'
 ex-footballer will front campaigns for properties in macau and singapore .
 short film captures the ultimate secret tour , a journey through iceland .
 two scud-type missiles were launched close to the dmz yesterday .
team behind the typeface is now working on briefs for other countries .
aged 12 or 13 .
 patient suffering diarrhoea visited an nhs clinic next to asda in hereford .
downtown hotel are now searching for a new toe for the club .
reports that the church has 14 million members globally .'
 politicians claimed a total of # 200,000 on expenses for gas and electricity .
begged daughter not to travel to syria but she insisted on helping refugees .
origi has scored once in eight international appearances for belgium .'
warns that the next election is a straight choice between tories and labour .
 dutch architects reveal plans for apartment towers in seoul , south korea .
 amanda lepore , 46 , had a sex change operation at the age of 19 .
began at age 16 , choosing words as drawings ` do n't mean anything ' .
kate moss and sandra bullock celebrated the festival last year .
co-workers shouted ` run away ' but the slovakian-born worker was crushed .
the pallets which hit mr suchy contained 52 boxes each weighing 25 kilos .
 baby picture of hessy taft submitted to nazi contest by berlin photographer .
michael docherty claims pair unlawfully smashed their way into his house and forcibly removed him in front of his wife and daughter .
 the ss central america sunk off the coast of south carolina in a hurricane in 1857 .
johnson will now challenge light-heavyweight champion jon jones .'
when confronted , miss ram apologised to the chelsea defender .
 pc danny dance was not punished for the incident on a night shift .
so drunk he fell off a desk after drinking himself unconscious .'
despite the abuse , nicola is still on facebook .
the main cause of disruption was pupils playing on their mobiles .
andrew rennison warns of a ` public backlash ' unless .
 three amtrak trains heading for chicago got stuck in huge snow drifts on monday afternoon .
instead it is about a loner ex-soldier who goes on a killing spree .
on young , crying performers : ' i do n't think that 's entertainment . '
capone bought the home in 1928 and died there in 1947 .'
 the autotram extra grand is being trialled in dresden , germany .
but web users have mocked the building because it looks like trousers .
 heavily armed police burst into family property in kalamazoo , michigan .
beauty tools range helps women recreate spa experience at home .
 shots fired in british territorial waters on sunday evening .
jeremiah ` was out of the community for 14 years , is divorced with three kids ' .
 the bizarre products are offered by japanes website , japan trend shop .
featuring craft brewers from europe , us and new zealand .
porter would then be a ` poster boy ' for the bid to end capital punishment .
 pope benedict 's former vw golf is being sold by online casino which owns it .
a lifelike model of themselves is then built using 3d ` sandstone printing '
charles addressed issues facing christians in the middle east .
ecclestone accused of paying # 27.5 million bribe to a german banker .
images were taken by irish photographer david jenkins , 41 .'
 children who are lied to are more likely to lie themselves , research claims .
 brillo the wirehead dachsund was trapped eight-feet underground .
the procedure to replace the skull with a prosthetic costs # 900 .
argentina and brazil meet each other in glamour friendly on saturday .
man was crushed by half-a-ton of weed which he stored in the backseat .'
 little april has emanuel syndrome , which affects just 500 people worldwide .
microphone .
 curiosity rover has found no sign of methane , which is produced by life .
crowd gathered to watch pong being played on 29-storey circa centre .
 glen rogers reportedly confessed to the murders of nicole brown simpson and ron goldman in 1994 .
rogers claims simpson hired him to break into nicole 's house and steal a pair of expensive earrings .
coroner 's office said suicide note offered not motive and did n't mention any health problems .
 ` small private gathering ' to celebrate apple ceo 's life .
but church later tweets it will only picket public event .
residents are living with extreme water restrictions .
drought could be worst seen for 2,000 years .
 judge has ruled that michael roberts can not take his children with him to australia as their murderer mother still has legal visitation rights .
impressive city , more so than in lego batman 2 dc super heroes .
 model appeared on the catwalk during the lenny show in rio .
 lama al-ghamdi 's back was broken and she had been raped and burned .
he noticed that it was shaped like a post-independence map of britain .
gillian begnan took photograph of strange cloud while on holiday .
` hormonal imbalance ' thought to be behind unusual outburst .
he asked a man for directions , but was robbed and shot four times in the back .
parents rachel mccollum and darren cecil tried desperately to save him .
 desmond d'mello has been suspended amid claims he flouted safety rules .
 kevin pietersen has opened the door for an england return .
 images appear on cover of spanish magazine s moda .
the 29-year-old model wears a blue fur coat and 70 's style eyeliner .
 taylor swift was transformed by bushy eyebrows on a mag cover last week .
 kate , 40 , models royal plus collection .
 qadri jamil claims civil war is at a stalemate as neither side is capable of beating the other .
but they now face extinction as their limestone habitats are quarried .'
 museum of the weird in austin will display the mysterious creature beginning july 3 .
the ` minnesota iceman ' was first displayed in late 60s .
smithsonian institution investigators said the creature was ` latex rubber and hair ' -- but they could have examined a replica .
amazon and google have outlined plans to deliver packages using drones .
the 46-year-old captured over 50 images of the rare phenomenon .
process called cryonics preservation uses anti-freeze to ` freeze ' the body .
 ted williams ' remains were cryogenically frozen following his death in 2002 .
 body of robert ettinger committed to his own institute .
 brendan rodgers confirms steven gerrard has been offered a new deal .
she called the piece of music the 500-year-old butt song from hell .
floyd mayweather has previously flaunted his collection of 24 watches .
that have a combined cost of more than # 5million .
` moneyman ' mayweather owns a jacob & co watch worth more than # 2m .
 luke anderson posted tweets from cell at hmp haverigg in cumbria .
he could get his sentence increased following the slew of tweets posted .
 mexico 's sistema huautla is the deepest cave in the western hemisphere .
pupil was a ` high functioning ' special needs student , officials said .
 jennifer christine fichter has been charged with unlawful sexual activity with a minor .
has been taunting australian federal police on social media .
pigs were anesthetised , blown up by bombs , then drained of a third of their blood before being resuscitated .
 sunni tribesmen take control of jordan-iraq border crossing turaibil .
one in ten parents only ` occasionally ' play with their offspring .
concerns that the slaughters and amount of people could prompt outbreak .'
dr brett mills says documentary makers are ignoring issue .
after having his toes amputated , the 22-year-old , from plattsburg , will now have to learn to walk again .'
stars rosie huntington-whiteley in fairytale scenes .
 nasa is investing in a 3d printer which can create food .
plans to use some of his winnings to build new church , which has been holding services in a high school gym .'
` incompetence and not getting much work done .
owner is now calling for the policeman to be fired from the force .
after hitting the snake with a stick , it starts to let go of the dog .
forensic scientists used chemical analysis and cutting-edge computer programmes to rebuild a handful of the faces of the medieval scots .
 the exotic short-hair cat has more than 275,000 followers on weibo .
over 300 tonnes of contaminated water have leaked in last three months .
 the 51-year-old had a massive heart attack wednesday .
he claims labour left a legacy of under investment ... ` nothing was done '
 system set up for mardi gras in new orleans .
neanderthal family , including a child of two , were killed and eaten .
police believe one of them was a homeless man who had been hired to stand in line .
 ram singh chauhan has record-breaking 14ft moustache .
 open door app allows users to see content which is censored in china .
player had medical at liverpool spire hospital before travelling to melwood .'
website called ` operation troll the nsa ' has been created .
words designed to pique interest include ` ricin , ' ` bomb ' and ` manhattan '
 islamic state of iraq and al-sham severed the head of a fighter in syria .
owner bought the bird from a farmer for 10,000 yuan -lrb- nearly # 1,000 -rrb- .
bragged about the surgery on facebook , but shocked people reported him .'
 the president reportedly wrote the letter to ayatollah ali khamenei in october .
 nehemiah griego , 15 , arrested and charged with shooting his relatives .
upwards .'
the actor stole items from a friend 's apartment in manhattan .
 linda carswell had tissue independently tested after 10-year legal battle to have heart returned .
teenager has now been hailed a hero by staff at philadelphia police .'
obsession drove him to take an overdose at his home in newcastle .
all four children who live in robinson 's house have been played in protective custody .
she reportedly landed on her neck and did n't move for several minutes .
shocked football fans took to twitter to express their concern for her .
 samuel l jackson said obama should stop ` dumbing down ' his language to ` relate ' to ordinary americans .
 call for police forces to keep cash and assets taken from gangmasters .
minsters insist modern slavery bill will lock up those in ` disgusting trade ' .
his body was transported to a funeral home on the back of a truck .
 almost 30 people applied for each job at store near gosport , hampshire .
day ' .
michael then made 500 transfers from his mother 's account to his own .
when she stops he suddenly falls in front of her car as if she 's hit him .
transsexual model ava sabrina london claims baskett paid her $ 500 for sexual encounter .
players from deportivo roca and cipolletti clashed after red cards incident .
the protesters oppose turkey 's support for syrian rebels in the civil war .
police force was involving in controlling demonstrations in ferguson .
 # 1m device for tracking suspects will not be ready in time for the games .
top athletes christine ohuruogu and dina asher-smith taste test the dish .
 saucy 's school of fish one-day event at stephen st kitchen , soho .
taps both ends of the egg on a plate before shooting it out of the shell .'
 arsene wenger will be handed a # 100m kitty to spend on transfers .
frenchman has signed a new three-year contract at the emirates .
arsenal defender is desperate for more silverware after winning fa cup .
the game was marred by supporters clashing in the stands before , during and after the match .
stuntman was attempting to jump from window to balcony opposite .
 images of the ` new iphone 5s ' were leaked on chinese site c technology .
argentina have won nine out of 20 games against germany -lrb- d5 l6 -rrb- , though .
the 23-year-old went missing after party on august 30 in plano , texas .
police do n't believe the male friend is a suspect in her disappearance .
 the x-37b landed in california early saturday morning .
david panton is a melbourne businessman who recently moved to manly .
she was also class captain and debating champion at school then went on to study law at adelaide university .
more than 80 per cent of all users on the site attended college .'
 an ash plume more than one mile high was seen from the te marri crater .
 chris bryant sensationally claimed the ` cover-up ' extended to james murdoch , boss of news corporation .
served with the feared first special service force .
it joins deadsocial and if i die in the market for apps offering social media services which continue after death .
exposed his genitals and urinated in sand , police said .
otamendi had fairly challenged neymar inside the area , but looked unhappy at how the barcelona man went down .
sonya ann gardner told police that she had smoked .
mr ivey 's winnings were withheld by mayfair casino crockfords .
he insists he did nothing illegal in a game of punto banco .
couple deny breaching an enforcement notice and will stand trial in march .
` he was trapped .
computer scientist allen downey says there is a correlation between the drop and the rise of internet use .
vigilantes have been stopping traffic at checkpoints and searching homes .
landlord james waite has been ordered to tear the bungalow down .
 tory peer said he was given dossier on westminster paedophile network .
incumbent rochdale mp welcomes deputy pm 's change of heart .
lauten ` prayed for hours ' then issued an apology .
 alan g. hampton was pulled over in liberty , missouri , about 2am in july 2012 .
animal had been reared by prince 's friend ian craig .
police investigating photographer husband dmitry loshagin .
 dog was nursed back to health at sanctuary and is now looking for a home .
james , 20 , played as a left wing back by louis van gaal .
fabio capello , now russia manager , is the best paid .
 alexis sanchez has been a shining light for arsenal this season .
hungary 's laszlo cseh finishes in third to take the bronze medal .
he is leading against his democratic rival barbara buono by 20 points .'
hospital chiefs taking legal advice over how they might eject travellers .
and likely behavioural trigger ' .
he is in hospital in a critical condition with a recurring lung infection .
but e-book market is now worth an estimated # 243million in the uk alone .
the prostitutes - named barbie girl and ava adora - work at the moonlite bunny ranch and were in california for the unite4 : humanity event .'
this created the same level of heat , light and charge produced by lightning .
in the uk , this can be 3 penalty points , a # 100 fine or 2 years in prison .
colombia international made his debut against qpr at old trafford .'
 last year a coroner ruled that contaminated water may have been responsible for death of carole cross , 59 .
deals which offered leniency , and some could now get sentences of 20 .
 girls allegedly threatened fast food restaurant workers with knife .
 madison high school custodian jamaal winchester filed a sexual harassment complaint against the oregon school 's former vice principal , liz wilson .
he allegedly then told the patient : ` now you are really relaxed ' .
the couple bought $ 1 million manhattan apartment in 2010 .
re-modelled on original design with new master suite offering views of the caribbean , atlantic and nearby islands .
 gareth colfer-williams , 25 , is the only person to die in swansea 's measles epidemic .
 sophie parker was born with dislocated hips and her feet began sticking out .
 barbara hewson questioned whether rape victims are ` utterly innocent ' .
 james edgar has the neurological condition angelman syndrome .
 hairdresser lee howett , 26 , snapped after a man made a homophobic comment about him .
 two million viewers desert show as phone votes plummet .
 keith morgan , 56 , and shauna ewing morgan , 43 , jailed for animal cruelty .
 the network has cancelled the upcoming series flip it forward after it was revealed that presenters david and jason benham have extreme views .
following her final bow , boyfriend mark grunsell appeared onstage .
shocked kelly says : ' i did n't have a clue he was planning this '
psychotic mother cut her throat to enact old testament passage .
 mep godfrey bloom blames ` draconian ' laws for maternity leave .
the new # 2.35 million centre will open by january .
 prince harry made the admission to cartoonist and veteran will kevans .
the house appeared in 1987 movie less than zero .'
de boer 's public revealing of spurs ' interest , irked the tottenham board .
 photographer nicky bay used a macro lens to capture details of spiders living on the islands off singapore .
but it was confiscated by ` national security ' officers in 1980s , it is claimed .
made claims during police interview , the transcription of which was edited .
elle editor lorraine candy apparently said : ` the reaction was misogynistic ' .
first time in six years flare affected earth like this .
went into hiding but arrested again and due to be sentenced tomorrow .
council leader now claims he supplied boys for westminster sex parties .
but fellow labour mp has defend the accusations made by mr hood .
 united travel to face city in the manchester derby on sunday .
 luis montes was taken to hospital with a suspected fractured leg after a clash with ecuador 's segundo castillo .
families of the british victims can team up with prosecutors to file charges .'
 yoko ono said allegation was ` like being in prison and you ca n't get out ' .
her recommendations include a gold-plated juicer for # 3,100 .
kim ` disappeared ' after his uncle jang song-taek was executed last year .
critics have said it will only encourage negative reviews .
harrington-cooper , 32 , has been sentenced to between nine and 23 months in jail .
chiellini believes suarez 's four-month ban is excessive .
 lord hall and lord patten will face mps ' questions this week .
at least two teachers have been accused of the ` violent abuse ' .
airport commission to decide whether heathrow should get third runway .
inequality is ` essential for the spirit of envy ' , mr johnson argued .
most cases were recorded in liberia , guinea and sierra leone , with symptoms including high fever and vomiting .
 dr saloman melgen , whose south florida office was raided by the fbi last year , was paid $ 20.8 million by medicare in 2012 .
it revealed that 344 doctors - out of more than 825,000 - were paid $ 3 million or more from medicare in 2012 .'
founded in london in 1760 , the hamleys flagship store contains 50,000 toys over seven floors .
sported the same # 20.99 beige loafers as he wore in portugal last year .
had called for them to stay at tower of london for at least another week .
the club have been fined just under # 8,000 by the bulgarian football union .
older sister lily , 10 , is overcome with tears of joy .
but is it better than disney infinity ?
milanese inspired dish arrives on a ` bed of vibrant saffron risotto '
their father , nightclub bouncer jonathan walker , 34 , was later found dead in his car having apparently shot himself in the head .
 the vice chairman will succeed ben bernanke to the top spot if confirmed .
but nurse arrested while shopping in 1996 was freed after a royal pardon .
 woman forced off plane after passengers complained about her swearing .
fistral beach , bude and perranporth have been hit particularly hard .
united were also dealt a blow when james wilson was taken off injured .
recent research found hands-free devices to be as distracting as texting .
researchers measured brainwaves as drivers listened to an audiobook .
the car also has automatic emergency braking and lane-drift assistance .
he was inside an applebee 's restaurant in port orange florida .
he then punched the 80-year-old in the face , according to eyewitnesses .
 kerrie williams has spent thousands of pounds on lifelike ` reborn ' dolls .
 the craven heifer weighed 312 stone and toured the country in the 1800s .
has to go to therapy sessions as she is too scared to leave the house .
her eponymous organization launched an investigation into her past and she has now submitted her resignation .
 bruce st laurent was killed in a crash ahead of a campaign stop in florida .
 ex-tory party chairman says it was ` more important to protect the system ' .
he won jackpot on wheel of fortune-style game on website butlersbingo .
old uk record held by .
identity .
comes and study reveals iphone 6 users use phone more than ipad .'
 runner up revealed that contestants are given coaching .
 victor valdes had gone back to barcelona at the weekend .
 venancio da silva monteiro is subject of transfer battle in manchester .
the italy international has been offered to clubs around europe .
club have been forced to re-lay the lane following the complaints .
in the game 's career mode suarez is serving his real-life ban until october .
the 26-year-old says united must kick on during a busy festive period .
the former newcastle striker suspects brendan rodgers is doing the same .
 mario balotelli posts fake picture of suarez biting him to instagram .
claimed he has already recruited two nigerian players as part of the plot .
ms robinson , 21 , fell to her death from the 11th floor balcony of shearin 's apartment .
the dog - rhodesian ridgeback-pitbull cross - has since been destroyed .
did not appear to be wearing helmets or harnesses at cliff-top mansion .
they include the creation of an ` international asteroid warning network ' .
 jack wilshere is england 's most technically gifted player .
wayne rooney missed chances but also scored an important goal .
brooke astor , a philanthropist and socialite , died in 2007 , aged 105 .
 fabrice olinga has been on trial at italian side sampdoria .
bmw driven by robinson ploughed into a taxi carrying mary byrne , 51 .
go cards ! '
 annie stensrud is a reporter on local minnesota station .
officials said the amoeba caused an extremely rare .
 countess of wessex wore outfit for visit to livity school in streatham .
coat is by label proenza schouler , retailed at # 1,740 , now on sale at # 522 .
 the princess visited peyote restaurant in cork st , mayfair .
 suttons seeds in devon is selling heart - and star-shaped moulds .
police in cornwall say there is no threat to the local community .'
she was found by concerned neighbours at her home in malvern , worcs .
labour received donations worth # 33million last year , more than any party .
bus collided with several vehicles in tianjin in china .'
 cnn anchor was talking live to camera on sunday night from gaza strip .
when a male audience member took offence at her clothing .
 collection was seized from cornelius gurlitt after raid on his home in 2012 .
 connor may was harnessed to performer and toy gun held to his temple .
position of the numerically corresponding segments to make the artwork .
roberto martinez 's everton host the champions this weekend .
click here for everton vs manchester city team news .
 manchester united have added 16-year-old indy boonen to their ranks .
 said and cherif kouachi were raised in boarding school in central france .
james beattie made 235 appearances for the saints , scoring 76 goals .
 myla dalbesio is 5ft 11in and a us size 10 , which is a uk size 14 .
the 27-year-old from wisconsin describes her body type as ` in the middle ' .
they love it ! '
temperatures hit as low as -17 c during the celebrations yesterday evening .
 garrett sebesta bitten by shark while swimming in surfside beach , texas .
 andre schurrle is in talks to move from chelsea to german side wolfsburg .
while taking a selfie with a gun , the weapon went off and killed him .
otero aguilar 's death appeared to be an accident , and his selfie was meant to go on facebook .
howard hendrix , 45 , allegedly repeatedly slapped his girlfriend .
the black stars progress to the semi-finals of the africa cup of nations .
noah kagan was fired eight months into his job , losing out on millions .
after 2 years there are 53 fewer shops in 12 pilot areas than when it started .
an estimated 316,000 workers may lose their jobs as a result .
court records show judge castigated aubry for making racial slurs against halle .
sefton paranormal investigators recorded footage during an investigation .
man in the clip is unknown but is dragged along the floor by ` ghost ' .
 wanted man ` has tattoo of cannibal warrior on his shoulder ' .
iraqi-born hadid has hit back against claims her plans resemble female genitalia .
but it can only be viewed through a camera with the right frame rate .'
 yousuf raza gilani faces dismissal because of supreme court conviction .
found out she was pregnant two weeks later and had an abortion .
archway sheet metal works had tried to stop the stadium plans .
father-of-three died testing the motorcycle at press event in south africa .
bmw have not disclosed further details ` out of respect for kevin 's family '
indiana-based college agrees , saying calls for punishment are harassment .
was prescribed dianette after being diagnosed with polycystic ovary syndrome and suffered a major stroke just months later .
 charity says people should be allowed to ` exercise their autonomy ' when it comes to buying or selling sex .
robert matthews asked schools nationwide to test his ` string theory ' .
ms keshishian delivered a petition signed by thousands on wednesday .
she reportedly charges up to $ 1000 for her staff to write an essay .
 milan bihlmann and muammer yilmaz given freebies by strangers they met .
 kevin pietersen has claimed he could play for england again one day .
 a 40-year-old woman was shot dead saturday morning in her queens home .
patston asked him to change his shirt which caused the argument .
incident occurred on a flight from johannesburg to sao paolo .
suspects in the rape were michael ainsworth , 18 ; nakia ` ken ' ware , 23 ; jason dandridge , 20 , and calvin carlyle , 18 .
he claims malky macky and iain moody referred to him as ` chemical ali ' .
 ireland 's unsinkable was an easy winner at leopardstown on saturday .
 queen 's bohemian rhapsody is britons ' favourite track when ill or sad .
 the root extract can help treat hiv-1 , the most common form of the virus .
 pekerman has agreed to stay as colombia boss until 2018 .
lampard has flourished since his move to the etihad stadium .'
 steven gerrard was benched for liverpool 's recent 1-0 win over stoke .
she said doctors have seen rise in number of sexually transmitted diseases .
 real madrid have had a sponsorship deal with audi for 11 years .
cristiano ronaldo chose the fastest option , a 520-horsepower s8 .
manchester united are interested in diego godin and mats hummels .
 piers morgan had dinner with wayne and coleen rooney in 2012 .
he earned 91 caps for the czech republic after his debut in 1994 .'
 atletico , real madrid and barcelona have spent more than # 300m .
members of the public have criticised the controversial poster on twitter .
 donington park was in agreement with circuit of wales -lrb- cow -rrb- to host event .
rangers still hope to sign ajax striker kolbeinn sigthorsson for # 4.8 million .
she lost an eye and has been disfigured with painful scars .
now resorting to crowdfunding to help gain money for treatment .
other victims also yet to receive compensation .'
kim kardashian and actor liam neeson were also present at the gala .
 a new survey reveals that many of us are reluctant to change .
prosecutors said there was a chance of conviction 12 years before his death .
but taxi driver , 58 , was confronted by passers-by who said let her go .'
 christian eriksen scores five minutes before half-time at white hart lane .
taxi driver took her to local train station sunday night .
the mall features more than 300 international brands , including prada and chanel .'
he started project he calls cloud shaping during a trip to mexico when took pictures of the sky .
fowler played at elland road between 2001 and 2003 .
 mo farah has # 1m cash in the bank , according to his companies accounts .
farah has enjoyed success at the world and european championships .
the midfielder could cost the foxes up to # 6.5 million .
mr wani was born in war-torn sudan but fled to the u.s. in 1998 .
blistered skin for weeks and had to take steroids .
 signs direct men to the front and women to the back .
kigen was encouraging his training partner as they approached the finish .'
dogs were used to test the effects of gravity and acceleration .
the 15-year-old was called up to norway 's senior squad last week .
will mark anniversary with a series of engagements near sandringham .
rare species such as ravens and stalks are also on the rise .
on friday , a 5.1-magnitude quake hit the southern tip of el hierro .
the outermost planet sits in the star 's habitable zone and may have liquid water on its surface .
voyager 1 is now the first mission to explore interstellar space .
in the north , the hottest days are not getting hotter so quickly .
 stephen hendrie will join west ham after the season has finished .
germany will also support england 's bid for euro 2028 as a result .
 england defeated norway 1-0 in an international friendly at wembley .
these cavities and channels capture gases , such as carbon dioxide .
 30 teenagers aged 14-19 escaped from a nashville detention center .
eden hazard took a turn as a dj on the decks .
simmering tensions boiled over on an uphill section with about 40km to go .
demonstrators who heckled him were bundled out shouting slogans .
 thieves broke in to the former archbishop 's home in cape town yesterday .
di maria signed for louis van gaal 's side in # 60million deal from real madrid .
the adult film industry shut down after at least nine porn stars contracted the infection .
rumours circulating in swiss press claim the pair are romantically linked .
will go on sex offenders register and his internet usage will be monitored .
it is water-resistant and compatible with phones on android 4.3 and higher .
 the fatal single-car crash occurred sunday evening in dallas , texas , killing all six passengers .
but just 4.5 million watched england beat norway in wembley friendly .
wayne rooney scored second-half penalty after raheem sterling was fouled .
 firm oriental industry claims the dolls are their most realistic to date .
serbian qualifier krunic was ranked 145 before the us open .
believed to have been caused by exploding e-cigarette which was on charge .
he had not been treating patients in the ebola ward in liberian capital .
 manchester united target january spending spree .
the dutch international had already agreed to sign for feyenoord .
best friends , both 22 , fled birmingham for syria and fought for eight months .
tory hq insist he does not represent david cameron 's views .
elders at the san juan la laguna council voted to kick them out .
roma president james pallotta has announced that he is not for sale .
sterling 's connection with daniel sturridge is an exciting prospect .
discovered with half her nose missing after it was hacked off by a machete .
last year , excavations in saipan found his remains and other personal items .
he was stabbed in the leg at 6am on thursday while on holiday in tenerife .
the feline has racked up almost 8000 instagram followers .
 i do n't see any midfielder who can replace steven gerrard .
brazil announced dunga as their new manager on 22 july .
 the former figure skater and olympics commentator , 29 , announced the break up with victor voronov on twitter on wednesday .
world no 11 bingham 's win secured his second career title .
 dita pepe has spent the past 15 years creating her photo series .
 england boss roy hodgson proud of his achievements in management .
everton winger aiden mcgeady opened the scoring in the 23rd minute .
 the liverpool forward injured his thigh during a training session on friday .
argentine winger has enjoyed a bright start to second season with tottenham .
 a section of the aircraft carrier 's hull is being transported by barge .
the park in south africa has been hit hard by rhino poachers in recent years .'
the 12-year-old schoolboy was found hanging in his room by a sibling .
traffic officer realized the person who had made the call was the one he just pulled over .
mauro zarate scored on his west ham debut .'
flight crew declared an emergency and diverted to shannon , ireland .
woman gave birth in hospital after plane was met by paramedics .'
 amy fine , 52 , was kicked off a flight from new york to west palm beach , florida for getting in an argument with another passenger .
arsenal team-mate danny welbeck is ` as good as they get ' in front of goal .
has seven children in one house , while the rest live with her in the other .
nishikori is the first asian man to reach a grand slam final .'
it was missing a week before anyone noticed it was gone .
thousands more have declared support on twitter using ` teamdorner ' .
two women who heard the toddler 's screams removed her from the car and alerted a nearby officer .
26-year-old created pass of the match for robin van persie after 14 minutes .
cleans up after them .
 kurtis green has tended to the dersingham memorial since he was seven .
 the new york metropolitan transportation authority 's new plates are missing the second ` t ' in ` transportation ' .
the 39-year-old firearms instructor was accidentally shot by an uzi .
cases such as this have increased due to the soaring popularity of sushi .'
she said she had done nothing wrong and insisted she boarded a plane for myanmar without realising she had been dethroned .
the ancient book also advises eating cabbage before going out drinking .
david beckham is expected at flushing meadows later this week .
steven gerrard is midfield anchor with jordan henderson ahead of him .'
he was found in a vehicle at kyneton , 100km north-west of melbourne .
former tottenham boss andre villas-boas nominated daniel levy .
child is unsteady on his feet and struggles to cope with weight of the gun .
he was then forcibly bundled into the back of a waiting unicef ambulance .
at six-weeks , omysha is the youngest asian elephant at the swiss zoo .'
senior foreign office source tells the mail it was a ` mistake ' and that mitchell overruled civil servants .
the oscar-winning director was chelsea 's life president .
a double-your-money re-match could happen later in the year .
 emad hassan has been detained for 12 years and is protesting treatment .
 carl frampton outpointed kiko martinez to win ibf super-bantamweight title .
guinness world records have recognised goal as longest ever scored .'
 manchester united signed daley blind for # 14million .
 abi steel refuses to eat with her husband .
but arsenal will hope to extend his deal up until the summer of 2018 .
 luis suarez joined barcelona from liverpool in july .
 constance briscoe , 55 , was questioned by kent police and bailed pending further inquiries .
quesada 's mother and girlfriend accused of assisting an offender .
former liverpool boss ' quote reads : ` we are a team .
the uk is the 22nd cheapest country for flights on average .
 brazilian joao maria de souza , 45 , died from internal bleeding as he was waiting for treatment .
they could have done this by strapping wooden rods onto the blocks .
 us airstrikes kill abu hajar al-sufi - a key aide of isis leader , abu bakr al-baghdadi .
two other officers were behind dotson , handcuffing him .
after venting on facebook , she faced a backlash of people both blasting her and supporting her .
 roman pirozek jr , 19 , was an avid rc helicopter hobbyist .
 jordan williams , 25 , revealed he was tormented by school bullies .
he goes head to head with lionel messi and cristiano ronaldo .
bayern are currently at training camp in doha , qatar .
james rodriguez 's volley and robin van persie 's header complete list .
joe frazier 's statue is set to be ready by next april .
arsenal ready to make # 20m bid for william carvalho .
wayne rooney believes ronaldo has overtaken lionel messi now .'
he was found dead with stones nearby in the village of tweefontein .'
but he turned down the premier league in favour of a move to fiorentina .
she said that school administrators did n't listen to her complaints .
 brendan rodgers jogs before taking charge of liverpool training session .
the 25-year-old from sydney posts the results on his blog and instagram .
 maria schneider got stuck while climbing dobratsch mountain , austria .
 photographs taken by artist gordon parks for life magazine in 1956 .
angel di maria had a message for real madrid fans after his exit .
liverpool named as the ` worst ' council , at # 450 unpaid per property .
 xabi alonso was presented as a bayern munich player on monday .
embankment behind their apartment building far from help .
there was an event this week where calvin harris was djing and there were around 100,000 people there for a festival .
 gerrard took on the ice bucket challenge at melwood earlier this week .
he said he would ` join ' labour 's leader in scotland johann lamont .
mr brown pledged to fight snp to secure ` return of labour ' in holyrood .
but department for work and pensions has disputed the claims .'
they then showed footage and images to 108 marmosets in the wild .
 andrea dossena was a free agent after leaving sunderland last season .
registered nurse verna deann mcclain , 30 , has been arrested .
the mother of three told her sister she was about to adopt a baby .
liverpool boss rewarded after guiding reds to second in the premier league .
 wayne rooney is currently the fourth-highest goalscorer for england .
clutches the arms of those either side while exhaling cheeks .
she paints nudes so that they blend into wallpaper-like backgrounds .
critics say flag is a racist symbol of slavery .
brook was stabbed while on holiday in tenerife last year .
paul smith must decide if he wants to defend against rocky fielding .
pacquiao has started training in general santos city .
course closes with two signature par-five holes .
 rod matless , 69 , was shocked when he found the fruit in his greenhouse .
 apple 's iphone 6 and iphone 6 plus are now available for pre-order .
it contains erotic photographs and videos of their lovemaking .
but no safety warning has been issued for mercedes owners in britain .
 bob anderson also worked on films including the lord of the rings , pirates of the caribbean and the legend of zorro .'
dummy costs # 83,000 and comes with a chain for baby .'
lockhart 's torso was found in hancock county , while head and parts of her legs were found in harrison county .
ipswich fans call for on pitch apology from brenner at saturday 's game .
hotel 's sumptuous sleep retreat includes an afternoon of spa treatments .
balotelli insisted it was meant to be an ` anti-racist ' message .
he says threats can be prevented through research and education .
 jose mourinho reveals petr cech is not happy with being left on the bench .
 meredith powell , 25 , has been sentenced to six months jail .
she was arrested in february after students told police they had had sexual contact with the teacher .
 trial of gillian taylforth who sued the sun is being reconstructed .
 douglas carswell resigned from the conservative party and parliament .
the blues continue discussions to sign # 26.8 m winger juan cuadrado .
liverpool 's suso is looking to broker move to milan this summer .
 croatian striker andrej kramaric in talks with leicester and chelsea .
queens park rangers just are n't good enough .
 west ham boss sam allardyce has been criticised by fans this season .
frank rijkaard , michael laudrup and david moyes all being considered .
raheem sterling will sign a bumper new deal to keep him at liverpool .
ian poulter has revealed he ` ca n't wait ' to host british masters .
tiger woods ' new coach chris como is an expert in helping players swing the club in a manner that avoids injury .
 four points separate arsenal in third and tottenham hotspur in seventh .
martin skrtel has been instrumental in liverpool 's recent resurgence .
liverpool manager brendan rodgers is in complete control of summer transfers .
jamie gibson 's switch from leicester to northampton is intriguing .
premiership players expected to return to their clubs after the showpiece .
northampton vs gloucester on friday night great way to start premiership .
paul farbrace has been the perfect foil for peter moores .
he would be the perfect replacement at liverpool for steven gerrard .
the jamaican won gold in the 4x100m relay event on saturday night .
bolt is planning on retiring before the 2018 games in australia .'
andy turner crashed out of the 110m hurdles heats earlier on tuesday .
nigerian weightlifter has been provisionally suspended from the games .'
his silver medal is his first in senior competition .
sb.tv founder jamal edwards was also at barking and dagenham college .
former chelsea star frank lampard replaced manchester city team-mate fernando in the 77th minute .'
26-year-old capoue arrived at spurs in 2013 for a reported # 9m .
i had the best burger in my entire life on thursday , and celebrated with the team at a steakhouse on wednesday - well deserved !
i 'm three points behind lewis hamilton but that wo n't change anything .
niki lauda was critical of my driving but he has since apologised .
 rogers signed a new long-term deal with liverpool on monday .
rodgers keen on shaqiri and southampton 's dejan lovren .
sturridge injured himself while on international duty with england .
brendan rodgers was joined by new signings including mario balotelli , adam lallana and lazar markovic .
reds have endured a struggling start to their premier league campaign - losing three of their opening six games .
 liverpool manager brendan rodgers ' faith in mario balotelli could soil his managerial cv .
calum chambers has been arsenal 's outstanding player so far .
 romelu lukaku was signed by everton for # 28million this summer .
calum chambers started at centre half on his arsenal debut .
 taylor came home in 1:06.35 to win gold .
australian lorna tonks took silver and jamaica 's alia atkinson won bronze .
 arsene wenger admits he is frustrated at not winning the league .
 darren fletcher is waiting to see if he requires surgery on a broken toe .
foreign players dominate under pressure roles in premier league .'
ferdinand watched the match with fabio and rafael da silva .
man city players will cheer team-mates on from home of golf , st andrews .
 lewis hamilton races sportsmail 's phil duncan at rye house karting track .
brazilian unhurt ahead of what will be his 200th grand prix on sunday .
the nottingham cobra knocked out george groves at wembley .
biogas plant has been processing waste from a mars plant producing m&m 's in bright red , blue , green , yellow and brown shells .
manchester city haggling over fee for eliaquim mangala .
scott dann set to sign for norwich from blackburn .
but he did not feel wernbloom 's shirt-pull warranted a second yellow card .
company already has dating site for ` attractive ' people only .
investigators used the website to inspect the surrounding area .
arrested 50-year-old curtis w. croft after seizing 94 plants .'
 if picture is authentic it could be crucial evidence in trayvon murder trial .
glasgow , edinburgh and borders strongly in favour of the union .
may 's aide fiona cunningham responded by publishing damaging letter .
do n't be scared to go to social functions with family and friends .
 a former male massage therapist at manhattan 's peninsula hotel claims that john travolta was blacklisted for three years from the hotel 's spa for lewd conduct with masseurs .
the couple have been married for 40 years this year - they do n't own a computer .
bubble then floats around international space station in microgravity .
anti-semitism groups brand campaign ` deplorable '
the tweet reminds followers to conduct an examination of their breasts .'
dorothy , 92 , died in hospital and mr doughty passed away 10 hours later .
` tiko ' was left in a critical condition but has since recovered .
 louis van gaal has included 12 homegrown players in his 25-man squad .
 linda perez , now 19 , fell into a coma in the hour after her august 2013 breast augmentation surgery finished .
in 2012 , he got a conviction for lieutenant colonel james wilkerson for sexually assaulting civilian physician kim hanks .
 jobs will appear on screen in an oakland , california , court room this week .
chiefs probing birmingham 's al-hijrah school over severe budget deficit .
backs down on defence allowances but pay offer stands .
battle involved outnumbered soldiers fending off 4,000 zulu warriors .
 clive palmer attacked journalist steven scott .
scottish striker insists he did not refuse to train at leeds before move .
peter spindler : ` there must be more .
 researchers in south korea say finger ratios on the right hand of adult males is an indicator of the size of their testicles .
 the crab was left on the coventry to inverness coach service by couple .
 tabare vazquez , 74 , elected president of uruguay on sunday .
win for leftist coalition that created state-run marijuana market .
 argentina winger set to sign for louis van gaal 's side .
 the incident occurred just off the coast of new zealand .
 city face german giants bayern munich for a third time in four years .
also said : ' i take comfort that she 's with friends ; each one of those children was so beautiful '
president obama was due to attend memorial service at newtown high school on sunday night .
 michael meade , 57 , claimed his wife failed to tell him she had received # 100k inheritance .
doctors were forced to operate on musician to check for organ damage .'
 the manchester united man scored his 41st goal for the three lions .
raheem sterling and wayne rooney had moment but not at their best .
experts voiced concerns about the marketing of the products as healthy .
england 's commute to training becoming a cause for concern .
 arturo vidal could still end up at manchester united .
ukrainian warships were blocked by a russian vessel in sevastopol ; .
 factories producing plastic toys in guangdong and shenzhen city commit ` rampant rights violations ' against workers .
 firm will launch the swatch touch next summer .
 the world 's biggest hamburger chain is posting calories ahead of a u.s. regulation that starts early next year .
the store admitted negligence after a battle in the high court .
phosphorescent shine would reduce the need for street lighting .
will grigg scored his first of two goals after 25 minutes .
merseyside club hopeful of landing sevilla left-back alberto moreno .'
the system , or bot , would then generate automated replies for future posts .
he says he does not know what angered the other driver before the attack .
crouch 's goal kept the potters 10th and above john carver 's side .
read : how do manchester city and barcelona teams compare ?
celtic midfielder callum mcgregor promoted from the under 21s .
 education secretary now says he passionately advocates free school meals .
sportsmail revealed pair exchanged racist , sexist and homophobic texts .
students from the nuri mazari school in delogozdi have benefitted from it .'
 amy dixon claims the driver sped off as she tried to open door of the taxi .
neville 's brother gary , manager sir alex ferugson and ` united ' are too .
 isabel grace franks , 9 , has died after a sand hole collapsed in on her .
susan powell disappeared in december 2009 and was never found ; her husband later killed himself and their two young sons in a house fire .
 carol mills , a top aide in australian parliament , set to be next commons clerk .
was ordered by a customer , only known as andrew , at an outlet in texas .
pictures captured at the masai mara reserve in kenya .'
 many work a few days a week and quit profession well before retirement .
he also claimed that jewish people ` chase money ' .
everton will take on ukrainian outfit dynamo kiev in the europa league .
men may be linked to december 2013 volgograd bombings .
 tottenham have joined the chase for mexico defender hector moreno .
 two-year-old giovanni madrid took the wheel of his parents car on a road in north carolina .
 one or two per cent of the world 's .
 arsenal to face new york red bulls in new jersey on saturday evening .
doctors believe sunbed use was the prime reason for .
both droids have silicone skin , artificial muscles and are remote-controlled .
presented the prince with a single size 15 shoe - much to his amusement .
 the snow-covered pedestrian bridge collapsed without warning in corum , turkey .
participants of the rally faced off against 100 officers in riot gear .
 siddhartha dhar was arrested in september with eight other men .
 luiz adriano called up to brazil squad to face turkey and austria .
 die aktuelle , a women 's lifestyle magazine , published controversial cover .
was criticised for previous headline ` woke up ' with picture of schumacher .
all the men who appeared in it were arrested for the crime of ` debauchery ' .
wilson alleges he was punched by brown through squad car window .
although apache admitted death , they have not identified mr henderson .
 brazil take on turkey in a friendly in istanbul on wednesday .
read : ronaldo scream was a real madrid celebration .
brown family complained about treatment of his body in report for un .
shaima al-sabbagh , a 32-year-old mother-of-one , was shot in the head by police in cairo on saturday .
 ben pocock was among 298 passengers killed when plane was shot down .
unaware of the severity of the situation , one says : ` this is fun ' .
one says : ` mom , dad , i love you ' , and another : ` this looks like the end ' .
kurdish city of kobane remains besieged by advancing isis fanatics .
rebels have elected leaders for the east and are demanding autonomy .
it is believed they are the most members of one british family to join is .
it is the first body in three months to be recovered from the wreckage .
 warning graphic content : toddler encouraged to kick severed head .
 the centre is the national security agency 's biggest u.s. storage facility .
 ferguson enjoying his retirement after ending 26-year reign at old trafford .
after joining united in the summer of 2013 zaha impressed pre-season .
favourite .
super agent would have preferred if colombian played under fergie .
leaving the ground more trouble stemmed as a fight broke out .
 umm khattab al-britaniyya claims she was rescued by an isis lawyer .
the boys , 11 and 13 , are suing malaysia airlines and the government .
mh17 was shot down on july 17 over grabove killing 298 people on board .'
captain chris robshaw led players in gesture of support after the game .
 at least nine people dead in protests across turkey on tuesday .
protesters attacked police , throwing rocks and fireworks .
activists are demanding more support for turkish fighters in kobane .
fortunately he was able to deploy his reserve chute and plunge into sea .'
he said mh370 will have changed cloud patterns and left breadcrumbs .
various myths have him murdered or dying in chariot race .
headed to the philippines on sunday to assist in relief efforts .
 fernando torres leaves stamford bridge and moves to the san siro .
spanish striker ends three-and-a-half difficult years at stamford bridge .
schneiderlin would not commit his future to the club when asked .
her three children were seat-belted in the back of her minivan at the time .
 danny welbeck scored twice for england against switzerland in basle .
 dutch jihadist bride enjoyed doing ` girl stuff ' while married to a terrorist .
 australian transport safety bureau has lost 12 percent of staff due to $ 2 million budget cuts .
donbass arena was damaged when pro-russian rebels shelled it .
but on checking the results she told surgeons that she was still unhappy .
 darren ferguson has left peterborough after more than eight years .
 darren ferguson was sacked by peterborough united at the weekend .
ferguson won three promotions and the johnstone 's paint trophy .
edgar gonzalez and joan toribio , both 18 , were charged last month with felony .
 father and daughter from us came up with the idea to mix liquors .
mrs charles of danbury , essex , has appeared in films and tv shows all over the world .
austin was diagnosed with marfan syndrome after a routine check-up .
click here for all the latest from the 2015 cricket world cup .'
women would rather date colin firth than daniel craig .
the suit will be over the targeting of minority residents for minor traffic violations .
arsenal are trying to sign colombia 's david ospina -rsb- .
 major nidal hasan has spoken to the u.s. media for the first time , previously he had only spoken with al-jazeera .
leave ! '
 protestants drop to 48 % for the first time in american history .
 christina schlegel , 25 , and bryan ford , 30 , arrested for felony-theft .
school part of harris academy federation set up by lord harris .
 no question was off limits for parkinson in the tell all interview .
families '
italy 's valentino rossi is third in the motogp standings .
british rider cal crutchlow , who will join honda , is currently 13th .
 firms such .
 matthew hawksley did the race in the very town where he broke his neck .
 danny welbeck joined arsenal from manchester united on transfer deadline day for # 16million .
sunderland 's connor wickham proves ability against unbeaten chelsea .
but others on social media ridiculed photo , suggesting group were cowards .
 liz daley was exploring with colleagues in patagonia when she died .
no arrests have been made and a post-mortem will be held in due course .'
animal rights group pacma have submitted petition calling on her to quit .
 west ham are seventh in the premier league table .
west ham till i die 's sean whetstone explains the ` west ham way ' .
marouane fellaini and wayne rooney played on opposite wings .
he also said that if he took rooney out of midfield he 'd have a problem .
alqudsi is a disability pensioner who lives in sydney suburbia .
lionel messi and manuel neuer were also on the three-man shortlist .
james wilson has looked more effective when playing up front for them .
the kind samaritan alerted the company director over the phone .'
 germany 's victory in brazil and luis suarez 's biting incident helped make the world cup the most searched topic in 2014 according to yahoo .
under boss louis van gaal the club spent # 150m in the summer window .'
depending on the make of car , the can controls lights , locks and brakes .
hackers claim it can be fitted to any car 's network ` within five minutes ' .
 the jamaican sprinter will take part in a 100m race at copacabana beach .
they ran and he could see that myers had a gun , police said .
hundreds of passengers jumped into ocean , while others were asleep .'
glen johnson 's contract runs out at anfield this summer .
ferguson defends sam allardyce who has been criticised by fans .
 james may claims ` falklands number plate ' was a complete coincidence .
co-owners david sullivan and david gold issued plan on monday .
detectives are investigating poisonings at the hospital in june-july 2011 .
hughes was hit on the back of his head by a bouncer at the scg .
 jorge alberto lopez amoe , 28 , died after he jumped from the msc divina .
she had sect 's acronym , oto , tattooed onto her right arm in a heart shape .
 david cameron reveals call came while out walking with his family and he was carrying his daughter florence on his back .
thousands of dollars have now been raised for the men on gofundme .'
former manchester united boss watched training on wednesday .
 an intermediary for snowden approached a wikileaks spokesman , who then notified iceland about the asylum bid .
the nsw policeman was stabbed to death at the barbieri 's oakville property in north-west sydney in december 2012 .
rio ferdinand cost # 30m and everybody thought that was too much at first .
chelsea manager insists he will continue to shake hands before full-time .
whistleblower ` sherko omer ' says fighters are ` brainwashed ' .
but the photos showed his coat straining across his bloated stomach .
 northampton beat gloucester 53-6 in aviva premiership opener .
mrs henderson was eventually taken to hospital by an ambulance .
at 25 she underwent the first of a series of operations to try and treat it .
on this morning said she hopes ` someone out there will accept ' her .
 caroline wozniacki beat sara errani 6-0 , 6-1 to reach the last four .
 daley blind trained with holland ahead of friendly with italy .
ex-magpies favourite rob lee thinks pardew should have kept ben arfa .
bolton fighter could be next to face mayweather .
deirdre kelly , 47 , will debate welfare system .
 only surviving tree out of 70,000 after tsunami that struck japan in 2011 .
the 15-year-old caught attention of europe 's elite and is up for grabs .
 ballet dancer and mother of two morgan castner created the class , in which moms dance with their babies in a carrier or sling .
midfielder was part of argetina 's world cup squad .
 a likely knock-down , this western sydney home is priced at nearly $ 750k .
the windows are boarded up and the grass needs a mow .
he was jailed for seven years but released on parole after three and a half .
 rapper congratulates retired farmer on huge vegetable in youtube clip .'
two employees , rendauldous chisholm and kenneth temple - both 19 - were arrested and charged with capital murder .
arrests are linked to conflicts overseas , not to terrorism within the uk .
striker left manchester city in 2013 , and has scored 30 goals for milan .
how can we reach you ? '
the 32-year-old did his best to laugh off the damage to his # 165,000 bentley .
the spaniard joined ac milan on a two-year loan deal last friday .
 chelsea striker fernando torres has joined ac milan on a two-year loan .
aleah began to breath on her own and eventually became alert .
the facebook page krupa made for sneezy has 20,000 likes -- more than even the school 's actual mascot the nittany lion .
newcastle united are yet to win a match so far this season and the pressure on alan pardew has intensified .
manuel pellegrini aggrieved at manchester city 's group stage draw .
it is feared the man could be the next victim of militants in syria .
but their mission earlier this summer failed after militants disappeared .'
valencia moved to england in 2006 will have one-to-one tuition .
 yorkshire are county champions .
could be reduced to # 20million if they comply with rules in future .
roy hodgson given warm reception by home fans before kick-off .
hello kitty is apparently a happy girl and not a cat .
 orange .
 former spurs boss harry redknapp suffers defeat on his return to white hart lane .
gareth bale inspired a wales win against andorra last time out .
the 16-year-old was fatally bashed and mugged on december 22 .
found bleeding and unconscious in western australian bushland .
added it could be a place for those who have fought with isis and al qaeda .
pubic atrichosis said to be common in korean women of mongolian origin .
 isis said to be planning to introduce its own currency to areas it controls .
 footage shows militants wandering from building to building in kobane .
 tonny vilhena has come through feyenoord 's youth academy .
ed and paula kassig hope peter sees ` we are doing everything we can ' .
mr kassig was captured by militants while working as aid worker in syria .
 liverpool crashed out of the champions league on tuesday to basel .
 sisters viktoria , 16 , and violetta , 17 , disappeared from vienna last week .
costa went down in the liverpool box but was not awarded a spot-kick .
 you can mix an old fashioned from the comfort of your plane seat .
revelation exposed during legal challenge in the uk brought by civil rights groups .
revealed on instagram that he is lucky to still have his left hand .
 jordan pedelty and dee kimmings booked tenerife holiday with thomson .
mourinho earned his special one title himself , insists the dutchman .
jamie carragher thought it was a ` stupid ' decision by the defender .
the 38-year-old finished the match by hitting a break of 147 .
atherosclerosis was found in mummies from five ancient cultures .
 omarjan azari arrested on september 17 as part of massive police raids .
 west ham beat everton 9-8 in a penalty shootout to win the fa cup tie .
the family members said the hotel they were put up in was ` disgusting ' .
the two are together again in moscow , where snowden is claiming asylum .
he was born in quebec but reportedly recently converted to islam and had his passport seized after being designated a ` high-risk traveler ' .
lucas biglia converts from the spot for lazio after albertazzi 's handball .
 activists marched on the army base after six days of protesting .
 rodriguez has been the star of the world cup so far in brazil .
 pictures show mother mali and her month-old baby girl at a devon zoo .
terrorists said they will kill mr somers if the us does not accept demands .
 russian student sought asylum in u.s. after finishing exchange programme .
russia axes exchange programme amid heightened tensions with the u.s.
 unique ring lights up when near a transmitter armband .
he then lied to .
the woman was dragged by her hair and the boy flipped out of his pushchair .
the two are together again in moscow , where snowden is claiming asylum .
rio ferdinand and ashley cole had been friends since childhood .
lasse schone equalised with ajax 's first shot of the game .
that is more than any previous jose mourinho team after five matches -lrb- chelsea , porto or real madrid -rrb- .
 liverpool midfielder adam lallana has returned to full fitness .
 bryan hamade , 26 , was named as source of leak of nude celebrity photos .
the 34-year-old experimental animator and director used 2.5 d effect .
the 33-year-old last played for england in may 2012 against norway .
22-year-old bowler returned to training on tuesday with new south wales .
louis van gaal and ronald koeman complained about the festive period .
john delaney and mario balotelli joined the non-apology apology club .
and leicester 's wes morgan has had a week to forget .
video appears to show him telling fan to ` f *** off and die ' .
in the 1980s and '90s , fbi scientists testified in criminal cases based on flawed science .
the barcelona no 10 scored twice in barcelona 's 2-0 win over ajax .
sport labelled argentine master the ` king of europe ' .
 rafael nadal booked his place in the quarter-finals with a 6-1 , 6-1 victory over pierre-hugues herbert .
the athlete was selected for the st louis rams but was later dropped .
 sophie jones smoked 25 cigarettes a day during her pregnancies .
31-year-old 's son korey was stillborn when he arrived in 2011 .
his father claims nypd officers said they were too busy to search for son .
mr robbins is 6ft 1inch tall and has a prominent birthmark on his nose .
 microsoft has launched a website ` warning ' users about google 's ` tactics ' .
 formula one race through london could be worth well over # 100million .
facebook ceo said the company was out of touch with their consumers .
they have brought in the likes of graziano pelle and dusan tadic .
parents and hospital staff were shocked at just how big baby mia looked .
he and fabian delph will learn from paul lambert and assistant roy keane .
police want to swap snowmobiles for reindeer as they 're more reliable .
beckham does not agree that rooney his past his best , as paul scholes suggested .
the 62-year-old was given a # 90,000 porsche panamera in his contract .
publishing house building set on fire after it 's occupied by militants .
 melissa self of louisville , kentucky , was arrested and charged with elder abuse after her 63-year-old mother was found abandoned .
she made the grisly find on her last bite of the first pie out of the box .
follows swedish department store 's decision to remove nazi-themed toys .
other witnesses saw regular rapes and girls in captivity as young as five .
paul scholes says united fans always created ` special atmosphere ' .
swiss newspaper says the man was mountain training in tyrol .
the gamer says she worries about the future of gaming in australia .
drivers were slapped with # 1 million worth of parking fines per day .
some fear that a toxic ` red tide ' of algae may have caused the phenomenon .
the world no 3 will undergo appendix surgery on november 3 .
 rome , from mount aventine had a guide price of between # 15 - # 20 million .
 teenager was found by a relative in garden of her home in edmondsham .
imperial college bosses had told him he was not attracting enough grants .
 sir walter congreve penned the letter to his wife after visiting trenches .
 rita sanders-campfield , 53 , is accused of killing chong park , 67 .
he posted the photo on facebook and reported the behavior to the olive branch high school in tennessee 's principal .
he was trying to teach children about the true meaning of christmas .
 squalene oil is extracted from shark liver for face and skin creams .
 at some stations passenger number rose by nearly a tenth in one year .
they are offering significant discounts on misshapen fresh foods .
regan , 43 , is to be sentenced next year for 5 month bullying campaign .'
 the legal limit will be lowered to 50mg per 100ml of blood in scotland .
 amancio ortega has leapt ahead of duke of westminster to top the list .
has # 4billion property empire and invested # 660million in london last year .
hughes had planned to raise a family and build a home on the property .
the unidentified man does not retaliate as the sisters throw punches at him .
 bill shorten has set twitter on fire .
the horrified 22-year-old only discovered the worm after biting into the bar .
 mentally ill elita amantova was living in a graveyard in tooting , london .
she then replaced hashtag of jewellery company with ` rihanna 's ' .
 massimo carminati was arrested by police at gunpoint on a road in rome .
but now he is fined # 80 after it emerges his whole story was made up .
posted text messages alleging the two were planning to have sex in his bed .
new yorkers priced out of manhattan are said to be driving up prices .
found that males generally have slightly larger brains .
numan haiden was shot after he stabbed two officers on tuesday night .
security at the afl grand final this weekend has been increased .
 no british representative in 13-strong study group for brazil .
event is an alternative to the controversial running of the bulls events .
 adam newman , 31 , was half-way through set at ucb theatre , new york city .
who scored the most and least points in the ryder cup ?
 tours include trips to five-mile bridge linking copenhagen and malmo .
visitors can stay in the same swedish hotel where the bridge was filmed .
 england squad took almost twice as long to reach training base from hotel than was originally planned .
allegedly abducted newborn baby william from an indianapolis apartment where she had been staying .
her son junior herrera believes panetti is not as ` insane ' as people think .
the diagnosed schizophrenic has been on death row for 19 years .
claimed they need to consider ` late-arriving and complex legal questions ' .
louisiana sen. mary landrieu said : ` to be very , very honest with you , the south has not always been the friendliest place to african-americans '
but scotland yard announced that he seems to have locked himself in bag .
 the victims were sunni tribesmen in village of ras al-maa .
 sergio aguero posted the instagram photo to his account on thursday .
chelsea take on newcastle at st james ' park on saturday .
they were captain marc dubois , 58 , and two junior co-pilots , 37 and 32 .
for 11 hours he battled his symptoms , which included numb limbs .
the qpr defender admits he originally thought roy keane was ` nuts ' .
 striker andrej kramaric has 21 goals in 16 games for rijeka this season .
changes to the law from september aim to stop youngsters missing school .
 nabilla benattia , 22 , appeared in tv show alongside thomas vergara .
he 's joined on the list by nemanja matic and hull 's jake livermore .
umpires called the police who arrested her father at the tennis court .
david silva has been out for several weeks with a knee injury .'
former manchester united midfielder believes lionel messi is bored .
the airport has what is called one of the world 's most dangerous runways .
 controversial scanner worth $ 113,000 on sale on ebay for $ 7,995 .
model of scanner discontinued in us but still used in other countries .
he was then set upon by a mob who then proceeded to stone him to death .
 wilfried zaha is currently on loan at former club crystal palace .
she found that uber had charged her nine times more than usual .
 manchester united crashed to a 5-3 defeat at leicester on sunday .
features adverts for online security campaign sponsored by government .'
comes as pictures emerge of beheadings in isis strongold of raqqa , syria .
marquez ` subsequently opened fire , killing mr davis jr , 42 , father of four ' .
chelsea were knocked out by bradford city in the fourth round .
the 28-year-old was killed by islamic state militants in august .
daughters rosa virginia and maria gabriela wo n't leave presidential villa .
evans was forced off during the first half with the injury .
 the premier league club 's proposal has been recommended for approval .
he dedicated his two goals to team-mate jonas gutierrez .
the clips can be attached to any object , and when struck , make a noise .
the actor is reportedly currently living in the $ 8 million unit with his 21-year-old model girlfriend toni garrn .
camille marchetti sent out a tweet praying for his recovery .
but parish 's co-chairman stephen browett has urged them to support the new manager .
 rafa nadal will not be at paris masters event due to ` personal reasons ' .
jon stead praised phil parkinson 's calmness during the half-time break .
understood to have captured three soviet-made jets from syrian air force .
when his girlfriend , taylor naho'olewa , showed up , he surprised her by proposing .
it features four bedrooms , six bathrooms and floor to ceiling windows which give way to spectacular views .
said to cure hangovers thanks to effect on brain .'
 former concentration camp guard has picture book of nazi past .
prompted the 77-year-old to say he had spoken with ` great clarity ' .
ed miliband today slammed ` callous ' policy which lacks ` basic humanity '
then he noticed he had reduced hearing and tinnitus , or ringing in the ears .
had a picture of the founding father alongside the quote : ` in the dark , all cats are grey ' .
currently suffer with dementia and live in care home .
 fernando torres makes his intentions clear for ac milan .
she eventually headed back to montana but lost her collar in october .
the former wales midfielder also competed on strictly come dancing .
 the jury forewoman , in the trial of the murder of shane chartres-abbott , allegedly received threatening texts from a man she knew in prison .
the male prostitute was on trial at the time for raping a female client .
 brooke baures , 21 , may have pushed elevator button , officials have said .
michael carrick returned to the bench for manchester united against wba .
goldsmith is famous for role as ` most interesting man in the world ' .
victim 's devastated mother said the couple were ` devoted to each other '
among those who had their information taken were rebel wilson , judd apatow and sylvester stallone , reports claim .
 saido berahino was watched by scouts from spurs last season .
 joshua malmgren , 33 , from lower township sobbed in court .
 england playmaker sterling was back in training at liverpool on tuesday .
brendan rodgers and roy hodgson will discuss his condition this week .
captain mikel arteta was also critical of arsenal 's performance post-match .
wanyama , 23 , grew up as a united fan and admires wayne rooney .
hazard and messi both score with their themselves in the christmas clip .'
 brothers blake , 6 , and brody , 3 , dialed 911 on november 23 to talk to santa and got a visit from the police .
three passengers were also stabbed , but their conditions are unknown .
i should just kill you now ' .
the discovery was made by nasa 's hubble and spitzer telescopes .
woman narrowly escapes being hit as glass facade smashes .
the brazil international shared a video of him and some pals singing .
insisted she was removed as part of a change to the show 's format .
miss o'reilly , 57 , said presenter was an ` a ** e licker ' and ` arrogant ' on twitter .
welbeck sealed # 16million move from manchester united .
sometimes the graduates mixed up which company they were applying to .
speaking on chris evans ' breakfast show said he 'd had doctor 's warning .
mr hay warns people not to access personal information on public computers .'
 chelsea sit top of the premier league and are unbeaten this season .
crystal palace made a # 3million bid for the 21-year-old last summer .'
midfielder jordan henderson is expected to captain the reds .
 liverpool skipper is out of contract at anfield at the end of the season .
he was fined # 1,000 in february for refusing to trim the ` eyesore '
dog was rescued from water and returned to his owners .
 footage shows dozens of puppies and kittens taken from mothers and killed .
they can be heard screaming in terror as they are restrained by researchers .
a 16-year-old boy and a 19-year-old man have been arrested .'
los blancos have signed mallorca midfielder marco asensio for # 3million .
it shows the cabinet opening by itself then smashing into pieces .'
women as young as 17 from poor parts of hungary had sex 15 times a day .
 alonso was quicker than both of the mercedes drivers in opening session .
she attempted to jump from the 10th floor of her building in changchun .
firefighters hauled her back in after the woman was dangling off the edge .'
the earthquake , which killed 185 people , destroyed the cathedral 's spire and tore a hole in its facade .
she was preparing for garden church fundraiser when mower overturned .
real madrid , manchester city and one other team will compete in the event .
 lucy , 24 , unveils latest products in jewellery line , creature .
considered a rite of passage , with welcome ceremony and celebrations .
a similar real tree at some other stores costs around twice as much .
voices in the train cabin are heard saying , ` f ****** quash him ' .
 roy keane steps down to focus on job with republic of ireland .
further 12 officers from avon and somerset police accused of misconduct .
 mesut ozil has grown increasingly unhappy at arsenal and wants to leave .
it could also help conservationists protect them from poachers .'
tracy baker was in love triangle with griffin , 45 , and ms legg .
 the eurostar service launched almost 20 years ago in november 1994 .
 highly contagious strain of virus discovered at large poultry farm .
on four occasions , she claims she was a victim of sexual harassment .
he walked out of the islamic charity lunch before it had even started .
they were joined by tottenham 's paulinho and west ham 's doneil henry .
the 18-year-old is accused of burning and spitting on the flag in kent .
his mother fled the uk last year after marrying convicted computer hacker .
jones regularly posts threats to west and islamic passages on twitter .'
 officials in marseille wanted homeless people to wear triangle id tags .
yellowstone national park in us is dealing with similar problems .'
 nina pham 's dog bentley was quarantined for 21 days when she fell ill .
 dr sabah usmani died while trying to save youngest in tragic essex blaze .
 parachutist timothy church , 27 , became stranded after attempting a base jump from a broadcast tower in st louis .
jetstar has confirmed it has apologised to its customer and an investigation has been launched .
the old lady are also keen on signing ramires and miranda .
galatasaray 's wesley sneijder is attracting interest from juventus .
scientists have collected 700 spider species there since 2006 .
 five-month-old shammy suffers from a rare from of dwarfism .
 bedourie , in south-west queensland , was engulfed in a spectacular dust storm at 6.30 pm on thursday night .
 luis suarez joined barcelona from liverpool in the summer .
la masia has produced stars such as lionel messi and andres iniesta .
mp frank field says there is no plan to address the intensifying pressure .
protesters have called for ` chief jackass ' to resign after the shooting .
the 2.5-metre shark circled the shallow water near the jetty for an hour .
the 39-year-old admits that some players resented david beckham 's fame .
police warned that parliament and london landmarks could be terror targets .
 home secretary says jihadis are one of the greatest threats uk has faced .
downton actor said anyone who believes the suggestion is a ` complete berk ' .
 alex oxlade-chamberlain deserves more game time for england .
ronaldo never scored at anfield during his six years at manchester united .
then said more police were needed to stop murders in black communities .
he dug up baby girl after two hours to find she was still alive .
 douglas costa is a # 16m chelsea transfer target .
but confirms obama 's pledge that they will be iraqi forces , not american .
interior minister bernard cazeneuve said there was a ` threat to public order ' .
now , new report finds ` no conclusive evidence ' he knew about it or not .
it adds key witnesses have n't testified and questions remain unanswered .
he warned him not to get a big head because ` that is what ruined me '
witnessed crucifixions , beheadings and violence against women .
 residents of burntwood are furious at the vandalism of christmas tree .
 lois and juris greste say they ` remain patient ' and ` hope for the best ' .
referee was not conned by the 25-year-old .
the 36-year-old lowers himself onto ground before calling for help .
ed miliband is seen making christmas cards with his wife and sons .
at players during first match .
it 's estimated only 1 in 8 households can afford the american dream .
bertrand said of the sweet seal : ` it was like playing with a little dog '
now ms trierweiler has twisted the knife even further in her new book .'
 rachael prince had a heart condition but it was thought to be under control .
she refused and was told the baby could die or be brain damaged .
money will help state schools offer extra-curricular clubs .
grandmother eileen smith-jones discovered she was a perfect match .
 kathryn bigelow given classified information by high ranking official .
neymar flew back with team-mates before taking an ambulance to team 's training camp in the mountain city of teresopolis .
 medics wearing protective clothing arrived with elderly patient .
it was found in a shopping centre in the town of chur in october .
social network has been accused of channelling profits through ireland .
as a result , the world 's first treatment for the disease has been developed .
the three are accused of raping her in december 2013 in car in parking lot .
their affair continued even after murray 's arrest when the teen , then 16 , was found with her at her father 's house in january 2013 .
 lebanese-born lawyer , 36 , wowed with designer outfits this weekend .
 women 's choice center in bettendorf , iowa , first clinic to introduce the option free-of-charge .
one study has been done with six women .
he was required to tell police of address following release , but went on run .
roberto martinez claims the champions have never enquired about him .
 chelsea suffered first defeat of the season at st james ' park on saturday .
defeat for jose mourinho 's premier league leaders was their first this season .
but no british paedophiles were arrested despite many being tracked down .'
didier drogba set up a tense finish after coming on to score on 83minutes .'
 paul scholes cheekily chips former arsenal keeper jens lehmann .
bolton are now unbeaten in their last five championship games .'
arsene wenger felt chamber chambers ' sending off was unjust .
george o'grady will remain in the role until a replacement is found .
said she ` feels bad ' for cosby and his family because he is ' a rapist ' .
 manchester united bought luke shaw from southampton for # 31.5 m .
19-year-old shaw has not yet made an appearance for united .
then referred to military hospital in maryland for cat scan in afternoon .
had been sexually assaulted so often she could no longer use the toilet .
court heard she was ' a bit bored ' and hoped to be sent home after fire .
but his shot from 12 yards was thwarted by tim howard .
yaya toure scored the winning goal at the etihad from the penalty spot .'
leadbitter grabbed a second goal before yanic wildschut scored the fourth .
motoring company said cuts in the price of fuel are ` long overdue ' .
 andy murray confirms to sportsmail that he will play for great britain in the 2015 davis cup .
 edoardo zardini wins the third stage in wales .
sir bradley wiggins came in fifth and is 24 seconds off the overall pace .'
calls to 101 non emergency number fell by 113,640 to just over 41million .'
he has scoring seven times in four premier league games so far .
angel di maria -lrb- 20.1 mph -rrb- , a # 60million summer-signing , was second fastest .
daley blind also enjoyed a stellar display , running 7.4 miles for united .
state department plans to admit thousands more in the coming years .
graf is being held without bail on a homicide charge and confessed to killing padgett , a recently married mother of three .
everton start their europa league campaign against wolfsburg .'
garcia has played in seven ryder cups in his career .
chinese prospect zhao xintong beat the world number eight .
victor wanyama scores winner with just 10 minutes remaining .
wilfried bony sent off for two bookable offences in first half .
 manchester united 's michael carrick has picked up a groin injury .
fbi investigating incident on thursday evening as potential hate crime .
 in photos , mahassen issa is seen embracing mohammad awick in an intimate wedding portrait .
police have arrested 12 men as part of operation yewtree .
 ronnie o'sullivan comes from 4-1 down to beat stuart bingham .
but neither result will matter if bayern lose at home to cska moscow .
 stoke beat arsenal 3-2 in their premier league clash on saturday .
crazed gunman larry mcquilliams , 49 , tore past firing with ak47 .
both cristiano ronaldo and lionel messi were taken off at half-time in manchester .
 mark ramprakash succeeds graham gooch as england batting coach .
 lorenzo vinciguerra seized while sailing in southern philippines in 2012 .
father was told she had survived .
 dwayne jones , 16 , was beaten to death in jamaica when the transgender teen showed up to a party dressed as a woman .
 ` smart ticketing ' will save money for thousands , transport secretary says .
 mourners gathered at separate funerals in ansan , south korea , today .
 fernando and willy caballero made their manchester city debuts but lost .
bielsa said he was not consulted over transfer dealings .
 arsene wenger spent # 78million over the summer on the likes of alexis sanchez and danny welbeck .
arsenal boss could have spent # 60m more this summer .
garry monk won all three matches as swansea started season strongly .
 nathan cleverly-tony bellew ii will likely be in liverpool .
 rio ferdinand writes about wayne rooney 's temper in his new book .
defender played at old trafford club for 12 years .
 aspinal of london unveils # 18,000 diamond-dusted marylebone tote .
police commander says evidence against the pair is ` overwhelming '
singapore businessman tried to buy liverpool in 2010 .
 arsenal striker olivier giroud scored the opening goal in the 27th minute against middlesbrough .
giroud doubled arsenal 's lead at the emirates 135 seconds later to make it 2-0 .
roberts , who is understood to have been freed , said he regretted murders .
the city of baiji and the refinery was captured by isis in june this year .
 jose mourinho claimed there was a conspiracy against chelsea .
the single mother claims her termination followed sexual advances by a boss at a work function , of which she rejected .
the united duo are looking forward to playing at home after swansea loss .
but in an abhorrent twist , the prisoners are then interviewed on camera .
luiz has made more interceptions that john terry , gary cahill and kurt zouma combined .
chelsea defence will be hoping to keep the striker quiet at parc de princes .
ibrahimovic revealed the temporary tattoos during 2-2 draw with caen .'
 manchester united have been criticised for their style of play this season .
 louis van gaal 's manchester united drew 1-1 with west ham at upton park .
van gaal has admitted his players are ` not comfortable ' in 3-5-2 system .
when officers arrived , they arrested woodhouse for grievous bodily harm .
ferguson cops asked for the troops to be deployed at the police station .
the couple dated for five years until her pregnancy in 1977 .
 david alaba uploaded the shot of him and his teammates to twitter .
 throngs of santas descend on london for the annual event .
mourinho replaced james beattie as guest on sky sports show .
they ran and he could see that myers had a gun , police said .
fans and anti-drink driving campaigners have blasted the footballer .
tying down stopper is key to united 's ambitions , says peter schmeichel .
 lieutenant joe p kennedy was killed in a plane crash in august 1944 .
he had been tipped to be a future american president before his death .'
his departure followed peterborough 's 3-0 defeat to mk dons on saturday .
in november , miss arnall was awarded $ 1billion and property in the divorce settlement .
the manchester united starlet is out of contract at the end of the season .
 lord robert winston criticise government 's support for homeopathy .
lord winston , a labour peer , said tredinnick 's views are ` lunatic '
 real madrid have been monitoring david de gea 's progress .
mashudur choudhury only one of gang to return after attempt to join isis .
has been ubbed walter mitty after lying to wife about having cancer .
 musicians received thousands of pounds in foreign payments from the us .
liverpool will try to twist danny ings ' arm to come to anfield .
video footage showed ivanovic appearing to bite mccarthy .
 gogglebox 's andrew michael chosen as hastings and rye ukip candidate .
 penny wong and sophie allouache are expecting the new arrival in april .
ms reichardt has re-painted the symbol five times bigger and in bright red .
aisling hubert , 21 , has brought prosecution after it was dropped by cps .
describes moment he heard of lennon 's murder as ` just so horrific ' .
the listings magazine admitted including the song was ` inappropriate '
miss brown had previously lived in the property in thamesmead .
 men died after citroen they were in hit a parked lorry in westbury , wiltshire .
the tragedy unfolded on friday night at the west wiltshire trading estate .
she continues prancing and spinning as onlookers were seen filming her .'
it was revealed the danger was made known to them more than a year ago .
meighan confessed his role to the police , but it was later covered up .'
he said politicians and academics should decide limits of free speech .
khan says he dictates how much he should be paid for fights .
match officials were forced to hide behind riot police .'
her death certificate reveals she suffered from the condition for years .
also lists cause of death as pneumonia , a common complication suffered by those with copd .
 airbus has unveiled their all-electric e-fan 2.0 protoype electric aircraft .
asked three men to take paternity test , with results due back in two weeks .
 chelsea lost first game of the season with 2-1 defeat against newcastle .
the ` most wanted ' terrorist was chief of global operations for al-qaeda .
 hundreds of kurds are thought to have joined isis since fighting began .
japan international scored on his return to the bundesliga on saturday .
victor moses and oscar are told the news while playing darts in a pub .
his lawyer said he wants to spend more time with his family .
afl and richmond have made their dislike for the friendship very clear .
 only one of gerrard 's last 18 liverpool goals have n't been set pieces .
 the police crime file declares the hells angels an organised crime gang .
dalglish also says neymar , suarez and messi will terrify defenders .
captain vincent kompany did n't seem too amused during the session .
` contact your ferry operator before travelling , ' customers warned .
airlines considered successful if they delivered luggage within 35 minutes .
large aircraft were successful if they delivered luggage with 50 minutes .
as a result , it has a negative effect on sex and relationships .'
allam confirms he has been looking for a buyer for more than five months .
 fa chairman will return a watch given to him by his brazilian counterpart during this summer 's tournament .
 adley shepherd struck a drunk miyekko durden-bosley , 23 , on june 22 .
frustrated , she then kicked shepherd outside of the vehicle .
 harry kane hit the crossbar in one of the 0-0 draw 's rare chances .
us team are travelling without form players billy horschel and chris kirk .
 arsenal take on borussia dortmund on tuesday in their first group game of this season 's champions league .
jack wilshere and danny welbeck looked focused as arsene wenger put his side through their paces .
 visitors were riding the sky swing in cardiff when two carriages collided .
police are now investigating the claim and looking at match footage .
inquest heard that nurses failed to notice oxygen tube had dislodged .
 fusion of sushi and burritos has gained notoriety in san francisco .
elomar has reportedly recently been recruiting queenslanders to join is .
ms mason helped try and save the man by tourniquetting his legs .
fabianski was judged to have impeded diafra sakho as he ran past him .
brazil women 's team are due to play an international tournament this week .
 men had been working on a house in normandy when they found treasure .
 david styles was attacked by a tiger at australia zoo in november 2013 .
 ugly sweater store has already sold out of $ 110 -lrb- # 70 -rrb- suits .
officers spoke exclusively to the al jazeera investigation unit .
the costa rica defender missed the world cup after suffering a double leg break in january .
 msnbc tried to report the engagement of kim kardashian and kanye west .
 eight more fans at fratton park than loftus road on saturday .
 ronnie o'sullivan claims title with 10-9 victory .
james milner : city are not a ` one-man team ' but aguero will be ` big miss ' .
jak alnwick , a 21-year-old goalkeeper , made his professional debut .
mourinho also blamed the st james ' park ball boys for the defeat .
 peter crouch scored after 19 seconds to help stoke to a 3-0 lead .
van gaal insists new signings will not influence red devils ' youth policy .
footage said to be response to hollywood blockbuster american sniper .
 dr harry fisch is an expert on sexual behaviour and a tv doctor .
 cristiano ronaldo could leave real madrid at the end of the season .
brook says he was stabbed in an ` unprovoked attack ' in tenerife .
 lionel messi and co will play in ` senyera ' strip to celebrate catalonia 's national day .
seamus coleman doubles everton 's lead with far post header .
arsene wenger 's side lost 6-0 to chelsea at stamford bridge .
radamel falcao made his debut for manchester united .
sanchez has three goals to his name in an arsenal shirt .
 mesut ozil slots arsenal 's first goal past brad guzan from danny welbeck 's pass .
geneticists traced outbreak by sequencing virus in 78 hospital patients .
kurdish forces have now halted the isis advance towards the syrian border town after fierce fighting .
dana air flight crashed near lagos on sunday killing all 153 people on board .'
 yaya toure has been at the heart of manchester city 's recent success .
 any approach for yaya toure should be rejected by manchester city .
david has unveiled his leather range for belstaff .'
limit on foreign imports is a step in right direction .
shootings now up nearly 13 per cent compared to same period last year .
 hamburg have yet to score after three league games .
the frenchman signed for aston villa from valencia this summer .
` free the nipple ' is a campaign supporting a woman 's right to go topless .
 shelley richmond spent just # 3 , 800 on her dream wedding .
luis enrique 's side gearing up for champions league clash with ajax .
winger spent seven years at old trafford and is open to a return .
coutinho committed his future to liverpool by signing new long-term deal .
origi has five goals in 11 games this season for belgium and lille .
 kevin pietersen says he still has ambitions to play test cricket .
the foreign office warned the public not to visit the riverside building .
it is said to be in the undergrowth outside the village of tarnock , somerset .
politician william hague reportedly branded the situation ` barmy '
tories insist # 91billion deficit can be dealt with through spending cuts .
hackett previously denied he would be making a comeback .'
ukip mep patrick o'flynn suggests farage is a ` control freak ' as leader .
their home , perth zoo , has the world 's only numbat recovery program .
 judge terence richard peter hollingworth ' made a racist remark about harassment victim .
 rehmat sandu , 21 , was on the 26th floor when he plunged to his death .
 julie bentley said girls must be taught about myths surrounding sex .
deadly 10ft predator was discovered on barmouth beach on friday .
instead a one minute 's silence will be held at historic bridge in bristol .
 nissan has unveiled its nanopaint technology that stops a car getting dirty .
while dancing in the crowd she was hit in the head by a flying glass bottle .
 conservative cabinet minister eric pickles has been on a diet since april .
the schoolboy first broke the national under-18 record in september with 10.44 .
 chuck hagel spoke to soldiers at base gamberi in eastern afghanistan .
 trent maralunga had sex with the teenager on april 8 in maningrida , nt .
the four-year-old setter cross had been hit 38 times with a lead pellet gun .
reports of the suicide bomb attack have not been verified .
 schoolies week continues with celebrations ending on december 14 .
 the scot came from a set down to defeat juan monaco .
if set to public , other people can search for and use your imoji .
 venus williams defeated heather watson 6-3 , 6-1 .
the match took just one hour and five minutes .
he was hired to ferry a finance company employee home from a dinner .
 cheryl mitchell , from rhyl , has suffered trichotillomania for 13 years .
the romanian champions beat csms iasi 1-0 on sunday .
packer boarded lear jet at sydney airport two days after his street brawl with david gyngell .
kurwaza is rated at around # 15million by the french club .
most popular website to post on is facebook -lrb- 77 % -rrb- and instagram -lrb- 48 % -rrb- .
roberto martinez has praised barkley 's ` desire and hunger '
pine ridge elementary said it restrained him because he was disruptive .
wealthiest person in music industry is len blavatnik for a second year .
businessman who owns warner music group said to be worth # 10 billion .'
her body was moved to castle of laeken today .
said teaching children to eat healthily prolongs their life by 11 - 13 years .
the result is a super-realistic model of 77-year-old ms nesbitt .
 c.j.
was last seen with uva nursing assistant jesse ` lj ' matthew at a downtown charlottesville bar .
chelsea suffered a 2-1 defeat against newcastle at st james ' park .
made a new year 's resolution to lose weight and become healthy .
 2022 world cup in qatar is set to be staged in the winter due to the heat .
 luis suarez will make his debut for barcelona in their el clasico clash with real madrid on saturday night .
valdes is currently training at manchester united .'
he left his pregnant wife kate in new york , who met with new york city 's first lady chirlane mccray .
patrick vieira took his players off the pitch and the game was stopped .
zuckerberg 's copy of the book has been interpreted as an effort to court the chinese government .
resources will be carried from the moon 's surface to an orbiting station .
penguin admitted that youtube star ` did not write the book on her own '
luis enrique wants barcelona to be ` unpredictable ' .
massimiliano allegri named manager of juventus and fans are not happy .
 benjamin whittingham ` disappointed ' churchill was featured on # 5 note .
by the time she arrived at hospital mrs parkin , 73 , was unconscious .
doctors diagnosed her as suffering a ruptured brain aneurysm .
she says diet , not exercise , is the single biggest factor in weight loss .
cummins was ex-wba light-middleweight boxer who became paralysed .
the third in line to the throne will be known as prince george .
the cocaine was laced with an opioid painkiller called fentanyl .
hoping to double the amount when she auctions the # 2,5000 bike .'
kate is now five months pregnant with their second child .
manchester united face either accrington stanley or yeovil town .
 sam burgess has made two appearances off the bench for bath .
 esther and eva hart penned the letter on sunday , april 14 1912 .
jamie carragher has attacked the german for his performance .
on saturday , barkley was booked despite clearly being brought down .
basle have lost both of their champions league away games this season .
 inmates were hunted down after they broke out madera county lockup .
 lazar markovic limps off 25 minutes into serbia 's clash with armenia .
but messi signed a new # 16.3 m deal and is happy at the nou camp .
hayes is reported to have flown into a rage over his wife 's alleged fling with singer trey songz .
 walcott and his brother ashley celebrate at their dad 's wedding .
seb coe and sergey bubka have been trading blows over iaaf presidency .
van gaal admitted he ` had to ' replace the 19-year-old against saints .
louis van gaal said his team were lucky to get the win .
 cricket cooler combines an esky and cricket stumps in one .
thierry henry was signed from juventus for # 11m in 1999-00 .
site is said to be the biggest online marketplace for illicit drugs .
the pig had his snout taped shut and was severely dehydrated .
gunn was cleared of all charges and the pig has since recovered .'
 one in 10 britons claim to have become members of the mile high club .
 prince william boarded commercial flight in laguardia , new york city .
chiefs safety has a mass on his chest that is feared to be lymphoma .
1981 plot has been revealed by newly-released federal files .
 francisco javier solorio jr killed off surf beach in lompoc , santa barbara .
new zealand beat australia 15-14 in auckland on saturday night .'
 australian-born michael johns died in california on august 1 , aged just 35 .
 jack wilshere suffered ankle ligament damage in november for arsenal .
the players donned christmas jumpers and other outfits for photos .
 manchester city end difficult week with 1-0 win over manchester united .
 locals gathered at scherbakov park to dive into the icey waters .
in knightsbridge , london the average cost is # 3.27 million .
 children of poor families suffer ` unsure start ' to education , sir michael warns .
 carly tierney struggled with anorexia and bulimia from age of 15 .
the couple , who live in lancashire , have now been married for three years .
video flyover built from data obtained by orbiting satellite since 2011 .'
one little angel decides to make her beanbag ` explode ' .
 bozena lisowicz from leeds used junk food to help with anxiety .
the kangaroo is in an enclosure in china .
the lion that looked worse off was in reality the victor in the battle - and he immediately moved his lioness away .'
ukip voters are mainly those who voted conservative in 2010 .
covered in blood , holly then managed to lock her outside the apartment .
report by officer stated heidi and holly had argued over a ` sexual toy '
bird rejects harassment claims and says they were in a relationship .
the pensioner had to spend more than a month in hospital after assault .
he was convicted of not telling partners he has hiv , plus aggravated assault .
 five wrongfully convicted men won a landmark settlement in june this year .
gang face jail after gambian government waived diplomatic immunity .'
an eighth whale was coaxed back out to sea today .
 trade unions are protesting the government 's austerity measures .
graf is being held without bail on a homicide charge and confessed to killing padgett , a recently married mother of three .
but today his son was jailed for 14 years for attempted murder .
they were caught in a deadly avalanche caused by unstable conditions .
she allegedly provided many mothers-to-be with fake ultrasound images .
the letters are each 18 millionths of a metre wide and can only be read with a microscope .
accident happened on a76 near mennock , in dumfries and galloway .
he and team had set it up in yangshuo , china , where film avatar was set .
believed to have been posted by gavin oram who stood by comments .
 kollin bailey , 6 , was flying his kite when he fell down an open manhole cover .
murder case against him today thrown out of court for lack of evidence .
said his daughters and wife tease him about big ears and suits .
` sex and bizarre situations ' in novels meant fbi did not want to be involved .
she said theatre is in dna of white people and started with shakespeare .
 chelsea footballer buys seven-bedroom surrey mansion for # 4.35 million .
she has also been unable to wrap or unwrap christmas presents .
other politicians to sing in public include barack obama and tony abbott .
biggest impact on growth is the bottom 40 % of income earners .
some 110ft above the ground , dupont does wheelies and backflips .
 the nidelric pugio fossil dates to half a billion years ago .
using a computer programme and motor , a stylus constantly swipes right .
children in festive outfits ask , ` what if santa was sexist ? '
tesco in burnage , manchester put the book on sale on monday by mistake .
 sofia , 16 , lands deal with select model management .
houston and francis were involved in an altercation at a pre-grammy party .
the royal moved to new york to work for an art dealer last year .
icons such as coco chanel and frank sinatra stayed at its hotel du palais .'
couple declined to go to hospital after birth and cps were called .
in the video , a polish dog dressed as an arachnid scares strangers .
in demand winger raheem sterling is saved until october .
liverpool are reportedly looking to offload mario balotelli in january .
but louis van gaal says he has ` more than enough ' options .
wesley sneijder hits stunning 89th-minute free-kick .
fans have called for wenger to leave the club after troubled start .
click here for the galatasaray 4-1 arsenal player ratings .
 manchester united beat southampton 2-1 at st mary 's on monday night .
robin van persie scored a brace and graziano pelle scored .
fleet-footed winger ainsley maitland-niles was on bench at stoke .
bartenders alison louise selleck and tom gardner fined $ 500 and $ 9000 .
 michael carrick returned to the manchester united fold last month .
manchester united beat southampton 2-1 at st mary 's on monday night .
 maps were created to show how temperatures has changed since 1970 in all us regions .
 winston bright disappeared at the age of 42 on october 12 , 1990 and was ruled legally dead in 2000 .
that has entitled his wife leslie bright , now 61 , to his $ 617-a-month pension payments from new york telephone company .
it was the dutchman 's 100th competitive goal for the german giants .
in fact , the magpies studied were frightened of new and unfamiliar items .
the saints boss is pictured in his christmas jumper on tuesday .
aged 9 , she caused an accident to stop her own legs from working .
players handed out presents to children at local hospitals .
bargain ' .
if they are successful pistorius could still be convicted of murder .
ms lloyd 's agent seamus lyte said she had ` moved on to new opportunities ' .
 the skeleton is of 35-40 year old male from the 13th or 14th century .
but three men attacked him when they accused him of owing friend money .
pica is a condition where people eat unsuitable objects , like sponges , carpets and other household objects , with no nutritional value .
google is heavily involved with ai , including its use in self-driving cars .
leaked documents reveal more firms used luxembourg to lower tax .
tang did not appear to his sentencing hearing as he had fled to canada .
the video echoed claude lelouche 's 1976 french classic rendezvous .
ms mcewan was celebrating her 33rd birthday with friends at the time .
both authors have been praised for the ` irony of donating their winnings .
so parliamentary watchdog investigated - to find out who leaked photo .
 youtube prankster thought it would be funny to vomit green nuclear-coloured liquid on a train .
 student gave teacher a piece when asked for a bite of the treat .
 convicted rapist , joaquim jose marques , was quizzed for over six hours .
held by group known as al-qaeda in the islamic maghreb for three years .
lights have now been shining for 30,000 hours - equivalent of three years .'
this gives it an optimum ` squidgy to crispy ' ratio of 3.5 to 1 .
qantas also had three emergency landings on monday .
couple claimed 30-year jail sentences for ` brutal ' killing were ` excessive ' .
but an old bailey jury did find him guilty of handling mp 's stolen phone .
suspects told mothers would be abused or they would leave in a coffin .
bishop took offence when questioned if the email would be read .
stray lion crosses the road and then vanishes into a nearby forest .'
 joey lynch received shock diagnosis of hodgkin 's lymphoma at just 16 .
watched performance by 22-year-old former hoodlum steven prescod .
it was reported that a wpc may have been targeted for ` shock factor ' .
she worked for madoff from the 1960s until the firm 's collapse in 2008 .
parents of 10 children have met with lawyers and discussed action .
 alisha mahmood , 21 , had the sheet in case she was quizzed by officials .
included details such as new husband 's height and how often they had sex .
he was sentenced to 21 months in prison and will also be deported .
the statement condemns her former husband 's role in july 7 bombings .
mayday .
this is the malia .
biggest impact on growth is the bottom 40 % of income earners .
lawyer tells mailonline that pistorius could be granted bail during appeal .
can make users appear between 5lb - 15lb lighter .
 german chancellor calls for france and italy to make more budget cuts .
president hollande shying away from reform to claw back left-wing votes .
 footage has emerged of drummers wowing crowds in minneapolis .
he signed and returned forms his mother sent so he could claim benefits .
russia refused to extradite lugovoi , who was elected to parliament .
now , he is consulting actors and director on series about the murder .
london mayor has branded the transatlantic rules ` outrageous ' .
it set off a cascade of fog and a sizzling noise as spots of dirt bubble .
 new # 2bn theme park featuring rides and a water park planned for kent .
was put to bed by mother chloe king in then boyfriend 's house at 8.45 pm .
came during his time with the princess of wales royal regiment .
the two-bedroom house had been in the same family since 1954 .
bethany now works as an ambassador for an anti-bullying charity .'
 2009 world champion jenson button set to leave mclaren .
 liverpool out of the champions league after home draw with basle .
read : brendan rodgers under the microscope at liverpool .
 manchester 's the splendid sausage company created festive hot dog .
christmas dinner dog comes with mini yorkshire puddings and parsnips .
 la lakers beat the sacramento kings 98-95 on tuesday night .
 amir khan takes on devon alexander at the mgm grand on saturday .
pet has been nominated for most ` heroic ' in a national cat competition .
 joey barton posted letter of hate-mail from his time at marseille in 2012-13 .
trip is being offered by travel club elite between 16 and 24 december .'
 harbin 's 31st international ice and snow festival will open 5 january 2015 but preparations have begun .
the crew notified authorities after finding a suspicious package aboard .
 caroline wozniacki shared a video on instagram of her pre-season training .
 the african land snail was travelling with a couple back from madagascar .
into the woods and gone girl not considered for outstanding ensemble .
while only five per cent of people who suffer a heart attack do so before 50 , the first sign of illness is often the devastating attack itself .
some students were told their tutor was male but they were actually female .
 donations will come through public-private partnerships .
 gerard pique mocked for wearing bizarre jumper .
 tony blair signed contract with petrosaudi to promote it to chinese leaders .
doctors warned her parents their daughter had a 10 % chance of surviving .
jenson button will partner two-time world champion fernando alonso .
 at 61 , jilly johnson is five years older than madonna .
murray had fewer than 100 yards for the first time in 2014 in week nine .
sterling wants to play champions league football next season .
statham placed eighth in 1-metre springboard , and 11th in 3-metre springboard and 10-metre platform in auckland .
 timour wielemans , 18 , had one day left at work before going to university .
yesterday , timour was selling punt tickets in same place when he saw bike .
` they cost us the league , ' claims ivorian defender .
 people 's park in luohe , henan province , has apologised and offered refund .
 simon thirlwall , 41 , recruited his son and two others for revenge attack .
they stormed family home with guns and bats as children hid and screamed .
gang jailed for 17 years between them at teesside crown court .
 gang of masked men stormed glasgow 's argyll arcade today .
 yaasmeen castanada , 19 , took some antibiotics for a soar throat .
she was diagnosed with steven-johnson syndrome - an allergic reaction to the pills .
animal control was contacted on december 4 after a person reported seeing video of two dogs attacking a cat online .
driver then hit more shoppers on the sidewalk before coming to a halt .
 daniel and erica perez disappeared with their four young sons on friday .
to get fit , he bought a road bike but soon became obsessed .
 manchester city defeated roma 2-0 to progress to the knockout stages of the champions league .
kohli later went on to score a century in the first test at the adelaide oval .
 teenage star martin odegaard is wanted by europe 's top clubs .
taylor wants english players to get more of a chance in senior football .
 apple 's newest mobile operating system , the ios 8 , will let customers see how much battery life various apps are using on their phone .
in another email exchange , producer michael de luca marveled at the size of michael fassbender 's genitalia .
mr douglas is suing the owner of noho cafe in manhattan for damages .
 former cuban dictator hailed for not resorting to violence .
often prescribed to ease pain of people with lumbar spinal stenosis .
three years ago swimming club had to rescue festive swimmer in trouble .
 sportsmail calculated chances of each champions league last 16 draw .
chelsea vs bayer leverkusen is most probable tie of all in the last 16 .
 besiktas host tottenham in the europa league on thursday , ko 6pm .
 the co-founder of stereosonic festival has posted a scathing message on his facebook page .
mr cotela says ` everyone is over the roid up bro 's ' .
the councillor said picture of her , showing her cleavage , will be scented .
john was threatened by sheriffs he would be arrested if he continued .
 an aussie mother has been allegedly left by partner for a ` gay man of god ' .
it seems aussies are more captivated by mystery novels than romance .
she lives in poland with their son mateusz , aged 10 .
 manchester city have identified paul pogba as a target .
the premier league champions are plotting a big-money move .
the picture has become the subject of a photoshop battle on reddit .
the man is captured smoking and pulling camera from the wall .
but luke somers and pierre korkie were shot before they could be found .'
 man , 29 , in a ` critical condition ' in hospital after attack in truro , cornwall .
 study reveals seven deaths every hour are carried out by jihadis .
blues boss excited to show off club 's young ` diamonds '
 carlo ancelotti 's real madrid won all six games of the group stage .
amazingly only six people were injured by the fire which ripped through the shanty town .
they have appealed to the government for help .'
by using the stems of roses , he makes his hands look like plant pots .
ruben loftus-cheek made his chelsea debut as a late substitute .
the creature expertly balanced her weight on the thin branches .
` spherical solar generator ' made of orbiting panels .
emma stone tweets hilarious response to her nomination .
michelle monaghan ` screams with joy ' over true detective nod .
holloway is now asking the court to annul his marriage .
new advert ` reinvents the `` angel effect '' ' .
sony pictures chair amy pascal also issued an apology , saying her comments were ` insensitive and inappropriate ' .
house speaker john boehner said he expected the bill to pass ; ` it 's a good bill , and i think it reflects the people 's priorities ' .
two other boys were released to police during hour-long standoff .
medieval paintings were found to contain the dullest and fewest colours .
she had no memory of the caesarean section and birth of baby tyler .
10 kansas .
it has an engine , gear system , brake lights , horn and sound system .'
 bayern munich crushed cska moscow 3-0 on wednesday night .
manuel pellegrini 's side trained in rome the morning after the game .
 hereford united were handed a ban from all football activity by the fa .
some on-time ratings as low as 46 % on popular mallorca-london route .'
 kris commons admits he is n't happy with celtic contract offer .
riot police moved in to control away fans at the start of the game .
describes star wars character jabba the hutt as resembling a ` terrorist ' .
his image ` phantom ' was bought for $ us6 .5 million -lrb- $ a7 .87 million -rrb- .
liverpool 's main stand will have 8,500 seats added before the start of the 2016/17 premier league season in the first phase of a # 75million plan .
 dani osvaldo was loaned to inter after headbutting jose fonte in training .
she resigned from her position but has maintained other executive roles .'
manchester city look to lure radamel falcao from monaco on monday .
will louis van gaal and ed woodward sign anyone for manchester united ?
 mountain bull inspired save the elephants campaign in october 2012 .
human rights watch claim the destruction violates international law .'
his efforts were applauded by david warner who was batting for australia .
newcastle fans had called for pardew to be sacked six games into season .'
 christopher ryan told conference ` we need to move beyond men are from .
he said ` the truth is that men are from .
africa ' .
ciaran clark and jores okore are impressing and could retain places .'
premier league is best watched league in europe .
 cho hyun-ah was furious that her macadamia nuts did not arrive in a bowl .
the chair has just two legs and requires the user to balance it .
 chris robshaw suffered a shoulder injury against leinster .
burgess helped the south sydney rabbitohs to nrl triumph this season .
offers panoramic views from iconic diamond head volcanic crater to island 's lush mountains .
 plaza hotel , in germany , was closed to guests and abandoned in the mid 1990s .
she admired the children 's jumper designs , which they then swapped .
majority of the one in ten # 1m households are in london and south-east .
holland were awarded a penalty after a foul on robben by rafael marquez .
ybarra described firing the first round as ` so fun ' .
 tanveer and naseeb riasat stashed their drug money in kitchen appliances .
 jamie read , 24 , and james hughes , 26 , fought alongside kurds .
two men have been arrested in connection with the killing .'
they have changed lyrics from ` let it go ' to encourage public to be safe .
 grisly details of the alleged murder were heard at the surpreme court in brisbane on thursday .
shortly before the 16-year-old had a petty argument with his mother .
the two women became abusive towards the man when he asked for their fares .
police say the women exited the bus without paying for the ride .
infant was crawling on floor at the time of the tragedy .
the dime-sized , translucent arachnid was only the second ever discovered .
 luxury online fashion boutique lyst analysed shopping data from over 35 million consumer visits to its website this year .
lewis apologized for his comment , and both manziel and the little person who interviewed him say they were not offended .
police say he ` failed to engage brain cells '
harvey moon , age 3 , and connie , age 2 , get treated at christmas .
 john crout admitted suffocating wife sheila at their three-bedroom home .
insights include that hitler was not a devoted vegetarian .
this inspired her to launch makeover studio ` the look of love ' to help others create profile photos for online dating .
attorneys claim duarte city of hope did not give her the requires vaccines .'
the plan would see addicts go to their local doctors for their fix .
what do you have to say ? '
 shrien dewani cleared of murdering of his wife anni on their honeymoon .
 paul and sandra dunham were wanted in maryland for offences .
 at least one dead and another ten injured after bomber attacks school .
blocker was home alone with the boy and his 22-month-old daughter .
but theresa may 's proposals make clear police snooping can continue .
 the recent ebola outbreak believed to have started in meliandou , guinea .
 an online user has posted on a bodybuilding forum under the name gt .
 manchester firefighters say they will be battling inferno all night .
coalition partners are in disagreement over depth of spending cuts .
 the kaziranga national park in india is a hunting ground for poachers .
a security guard who saw him on cctv gave chase on foot and detained him .
 large part of the langenstein-zwieberge camp 's perimeter fence destroyed .
 police say channel johnson , 18 , was shot after he approached a 22-year-old target on a washington , dc street on wednesday .
fontaine 's will said her estate , including $ 3million california home , should be sold to benefit animal charity .
 carmine ramon and pirra meraz , both 15 , wrestle each other to the ground .
next most expensive street was eaton square , also in london 's belgravia .
he was found hanging 11 days after his beloved wife had died .
he has been charged with murder and his lover has also been arrested .'
 prime minister wo n't commit to an exact date until he is confident it will succeed .
within hours , a painful red blister had erupted on her left hand .
gave his backing to kerry smith , who was later selected for the seat .
according to the document , hitler said his profession was a writer .
the fisherman was rescued by a us navy destroyer , 64 miles out to sea .
 schools should ensure 65 % of 11-year-olds achieve level 4 in ` three rs ' .
he now earns # 300,000 a year running international human rights charity .
 the code-breaking genius was found dead in 1954 at the age of 41 .
carlton said this was ` wrong ' and that he resigned and was not sacked .
police had stopped 24-year-old by the road , but he sped off with police .
the statement says that the operation is slowing the islamic state 's progress .
revealed it sleeps on green paint in yard where it lives .
 cameron minshull became trapped in factory machine .
the new year-round service sees fares start at # 89 for a return .
he now lives in country victoria where he 's settled in with another woman .
mourinho believes cech will not leave the club in january .'
 the duke of cambridge was in staffordshire to unveil new memorial .
 singer , 33 , to launch nail wraps based on her music videos .
lille striker was booed off after missing a spot-kick against wolfsburg .
the seasiders won only their second championship match of the season .
the 16-year-old florida boy alexis wanted to meet up with said he knew nothing about her plan .
 vogue recently moved into 1 world trade center despite infestation .
alejandro sabella 's first warm-up match ahead of the world cup .
funeral packages start at $ 2,800 -lrb- # 1,800 -rrb- and go up to $ 7,500 -lrb- # 4,800 -rrb- .'
updated landmarks include the freedom tower and statue of liberty in new york and bay bridge in san francisco .'
 jonas gutierrez revealed he was being treated for cancer in septemebr .
sherwood remains focused on premier league match against sunderland .
 president obama said the nfl was ` behind the curve ' on ray rice .
 geoff parling has suffered two concussions in three games .
samsung has unveiled plans to reduce the number of models its makes .'
 ukip leader pays earnings from journalism and lecturing to his own firm .
marriage to kate garvey was updated on jimmy wales ' wikipedia page .
fabregas already has one child with partner daniella semaan .
ea sports crunch the numbers to reveal the player performance index chart .
 prices range from $ 460 to $ 26,000 for capsules to be send to lunar surface .
org ' .
 13-year-old julie mcelhiney was murdered in 1974 .
they were arrested as part of europol 's operation archimedes .
singer , 38 , turned to faith healer zulema who told her she was ` possessed ' .
marcos rojo was carried off in the second half with a dislocated shoulder .
an elderly woman had been hit by a car in churchdown , gloucestershire .
 sickening video showing murder of herve gourdel was released yesterday .
 # 22 headscarf is backed by muslim groups as a symbol for remembrance .
from 2016 , 168 games will be shown live each season .
bayer ceo marijn dekkers made comments during a panel discussion .
city have enjoyed run of six successive premier league wins .
 shaun wright-phillips posted a conga-style press-up video on kicca .
she now has a film crew tracking her ` struggles as a three-breasted woman '
 mark wood , 44 , weighed 5.5 st when he died after atos cut his benefits .
 lamenda kingdon , 62 , thought she was on a flight to granada in spain .
knowing his father would be mad , he then allegedly killed him .
 plane collided with bird while travelling to baltimore from san antonio .
hamilton and nico rosberg secured their ninth one-two of the season .
 gwyn roberts , 45 , sentenced to 27 months in jail at mold crown court .
 republica in st kilda was set on fire before 4am on thursday morning .
he fell to the ground with his right arm landing in the shards of glass .
system now changed so applicants can not choose where they sit test .
rafiq was today found guilty of arranging for two men to target her .
he suffered vomiting , diarrhoea and kidney failure .
 christmas with the ivy package includes canapes , wines and cocktails .
not content with that , he set out to make a 11,000 journey around the uk .
holderness family did the same last year , getting 15 million views online .
 queues today snaked down the street outside the cereal killer cafe .
had the procedure in november 2006 and it made no difference to snoring .
new evidence from a female witness could now prove this .
 sicilian shift worker had fruit on a table or small dog for 40 years before he realised its true value .
he was travelling with a four-year-old boy and the child 's mother .
 laura aguero , 35 , allegedly left young sons alone on wednesday night .
father fred page refused to allow school salon to treat daughter 's hair .
 samantha davies runs gold coast based unforgettable proposals .
ms davies says more extravagant proposals can cost up to $ 20,000 .'
the mother-of-two was seen exercising with personal trainer yesterday .
on wednesday night he surprised his family during an ice hockey match at the honda center in anaheim .
people have been illegally taking hauls of mushrooms from uk woodlands .
not clear what caused the blaze , which began in the engine room .
 heiress rebecca howard has been mistress of castle howard for 12 years .
but prime minister matteo renzi believes employment laws must be loosened to boost economy .
judge says ballard ` posed a risk to young girls '
 jacob rees-mogg defends portraits costing # 10,000 each .
his wife was given # 330million , but is likely to appeal the amount .
 punishment methods have been used by syrian government for decades .
the undercover officer had been marching with protesters in oakland .
detectives are investigating ; they believe shooting was ` gang-related '
 floyd mayweather looks set to finally fight manny pacquiao .
defense .
fbi identifies two ip addresses in iran where attack will likely come from .
the charity will be one of birmingham city 's official partners .
 kayleigh-anne palmer was 24 weeks pregnant with aston robinson 's baby .
hell-raiser said the vehicle had broken down on a track in burkina faso .
 arsenal 's senior stars uploaded selfies of themselves in festive knitwear .
but napoli may allow him to join another club on loan in january .
 leigh halfpenny kicks 13 points for toulon .
 malia melon , 4 , was put in private cab waiting for her classmate melina .
sri lanka beat england by 90 runs in their sixth odi in pallekele .
 the dashboard-mounted target blu eye picks up encoded radio signals .
he told police the same details he did the grand jury investigating brown 's death .
he said brown did not grab wilson 's gun , as wilson had told jurors .
 anusha ashwathappa , from near bangalore , suffered 70 per cent burns .
eamonn o'connor claims he was grabbed by throat on the stairs .
 three effigies were set up around the university of california campus .
 barcelona travel to face ajax in champions league group f clash .
raheem sterling has been trialled as main striker for man united clash .
paul ince is the only player to have captained both of the great rivals .
louis van gaal admits he was going to drop the holland international .'
65 athletes had blood readings which should have led to test for epo .
the tool has been an optional feature since android jelly bean was released .
 thomas ballard , 37 , allegedly distributed more than 3,000 images .
added that he has forgiven his son , who was ` full of hope and promise ' .
but abba refused and claimed it could send ` wrong signals ' about the song .
sent to jikdong youth coal mine after commenting on ` sensitive issues ' .
65 athletes had blood readings which should have led to test for epo .
esio trot airs on new year 's day and is set to be a festive tv highlight .
dyer has released a photo and claims to have performed dna testing on the body .
the mp for east renfrewshire was chosen following an election today .
as he stepped out of his cab , he was hit and killed by another car .
when the mos revealed the scandal , the society vowed to investigate .
ms karroum was shot alongside her husband , a known al-qaeda fighter .  '
gascoigne is understood to want actor sean bean to play him in the movie .
 newlyweds were posing for photos at the capitol in olympia , washington .
protester then walks over and hands the best man the weapon .
but the trio wo n't face the death penalty when they go to trial in june 2015 .
mr smith issued an ` unreserved ' apology and retracted corruption claim .
waiting for a pair of air jordan 11 retro to be released sunday .
also called david west , he was arrested following death on friday .
pledged to stop the snp hijacking the st andrew 's flag .
their edge has been most sharpened by sir alex ferguson and the canal .
if that ca n't happen , he aims to meet former stablemate manny pacquiao .
roma boss rudi garcia is keen on keeping hold of cole .
 coutinho struggled during poor first half from liverpool .
 captain vincent kompany limped off late-on in victory over leicester city .
they lost 1-0 to manchester city on saturday with frank lampard scoring .
 bryan robson has questioned louis van gaal 's coaching methods .
 the university of oregon junior was awarded the highest individual prize in college football on saturday .
the group felt more confident and sociable after using the internet .
directors think body of rebecca alper , 71 , was sent to lehrer 's funeral .
mr lampkin , from the isle of man , is a 12-time world trials champion .'
the result increases the pressure on manager brendan rodgers .
 liverpool lost 3-0 at old trafford , their seventh league defeat of the season .
the liverpool striker picked up a thigh injury on international duty .
read our guide to the fifa world club cup here .
 the carolina panthers quarterback was injured last week , when he got into a car crash just a block from the stadium .
steven gerrard is expected to be rested for this fa cup match .
 source told the new york daily news that the sony co-chairman will be fired to ` set an example ' .
to her relief the union with warrior ginkto , in his 50s , was only symbolic .
suzie , from lyndham , bought fake jo malone candles .
 the flag displayed in the martin place siege is emblem of jabhat al-nusra .
 carlos vela scored after just three minutes at the anoeta .
de gea denied raheem sterling and mario balotelli with string of saves .
 nicole hockley wrote the emotional letter to mark the two-year anniversary of the elementary school massacre .
 new england patriots beat miami dolphins to win afc east .
said he bumped into the gunman , who had ` crazy ' look in his eyes .
olivier giroud scored twice and arsene wenger praises the striker .
 liverpool drop from uefa champions league but are unseeded .
tottenham and celtic unseeded after finishing as group runners-up .
and the world no 1 took part in the race named after her .
 the woman is believed to have arrived at the lindt cafe in martin place at 9am .
 denied accusations he was having an affair with author molly bloom .
 youngsters were forming a line outside the willowbrook mall overnight .
earlier emails contained slurs at angelina jolie and president obama .'
 russian oligarch sergei pugachev has his assets frozen by the high court .
flight crew declared emergency after alarm went off in cargo hold .
the 18-year-old is accused of attacking a 72-year-old man .
 # 84,000 probe into cornish ` beast ' 19 years ago found it was a 12in cat .
 university study finds aussie babies prefer canadian accents .
comes after a series of scandals which have rocked the party this week .
 taxi company claims they are responding to demand from customers .
hundreds more were delayed but passengers may not get compensation .
radio 4 presenter added that the corporation feared being branded racist .
 mark dixie , 44 , jailed for life after he killed 18-year-old sally anne bowman .
 bartek the bison befriended villagers in lakiele , northern poland .
the wild animal soon attracted the attention of local herds of cattle .
but the loss-leading tactics of rival retails have been attacked by suppliers .
he accomplished the feat after memorising the cube 's pattern .
but it is more than likely just an anomaly in the photo .
many false detections of life on mars have been claimed before .
ms gadd has shot the beautiful self-portraits in iceland , wales and her native canada .
three people have been detained and hostage released unharmed .
all of the images are painted by hand , but are based on microscopic images of the subject .
his girlfriend says a man ` just started shooting ' during an argument .
a teenager was also seriously wounded by the gunman .
had to dress finalists , all contestants and her regular client , tulisa .
ms pope underwent 13-hour ` mother of all surgeries ' to remove cancer .
he faces up to 20 years in federal prison for the various crimes .
now , it has indefinitely suspended chair following sexual assault claims .
letter asks that all hacked data media companies have in their possession be destroyed .
paul percival , of percy and reed fame , is her hairdresser .
her mother abby believed she was showing signs of meningitis .
but doctors insisted she had a virus and prescibed calpol and ibuprofen .
 new zealand is ranked least corrupt in survey .
recorded song asking for a pardon from a phone booth in dubai jail .'
barclays bank worker also admitted fantasising about killing her mother , 61 .
 mike ashley owns premier league club newcastle united .
 jose maria gimenez has impressed when called upon at atletico madrid .
nigel adkins was appointed as reading boss in march 2013 .
 trinny woodall 's ex-husband johnny elichaoff died last month .
he is thought to have fallen from roof of whiteley 's shopping centre .
woodall says she is determined to give daughter normal christmas .
 underwear billboards will be taken down from building in milan .
 amber lunsford allegedly sat on client 's lap with his hand up her skirt .
fbi being denied access to crime scene in benghazi .
 anthony la rossa went missing while serving in south korea in 1951 .
comes after his ex-girlfriend said he turned up ` high ' on the day he died .
e-cigarettes are now more popular than tobacco cigarettes among teens .'
 google 's year in search is the californian firm 's 14th annual review .
 yaya toure phoned the young girl and also spoke to her father .
 scientists from university college london asked people how old they felt .
they studied them for an eight-year period and analysed the death rates .
reviewer raved over the # 1 liquid eyeliner , foundation and nail varnish .
 muslim convert who went to syria may be sally jones from chatham .
group said it held the seven responsible for grenade attack this month .'
 liverpool midfielder raheem sterling has been fined # 600 plus costs .
 manchester united players arrived at children 's hospital bringing gifts for sick youngsters .
he believes good progress has been made in english cricket since .
 arsenal face monaco in the champions league last 16 .
england captain wayne rooney organised both nights out .'
wesley sneijder could be available for # 9m if he leaves galatasaray .'
 yasmin jackson says her daughter amari was ` starved ' by the end of the day .
hobby .
 business leaders say they want a referendum on eu membership .
outrage has spread that both droudis and monis were released on bail .
officer william robinson drew his firearm and pointed it at mr taylor .
olympic athlete jessica ennis is the celebrity girls would most like to be .
owner alexander herzog is taking athena to germany to teach it to walk .
he claimed in light of the siege at martin place in sydney people are reevaluating gun laws .
signing them in governor andrew cuomo called tattoos ` animal abuse '
found we would rather have champagne , gin or vodka at christmas time .
the story imagines the assassination of former pm margaret thatcher .
it has led to calls for a full judicial inquiry into what the government knew .
17 beds replaced all the seats in the cinema at a shopping centre .
fedex says it 's typically their busiest day of the year , with just 10 days to go before christmas .
 aron thompson was one of the first uk criminals to be fitted with gps tag .
also called david west , he was arrested following death on friday .
the former l'oreal ceo claims that it 's an ` olfactory nuisance ' .
one of the men , axl gilbert , was determined to be at risk of killing someone .'
 site of terror attack deliberately chosen and was ` well organised ' .
went to leap towards bleachers , but was pushed down by browns fans .'
operation targeted zaman newspaper and samanyolu television station .
major escalation in president 's battle with former ally fethullah gulen .
storm , which struck california last week , is expected only to worsen .
he was us army psychiatrist at guantanamo bay following 9/11 attacks .
 heather abbott lost part of her left leg when the bombs went off .
financial conduct authority have now banned him from working in finance .
in guerrero capital chilpancingo protesters rioted over missing students .
 tom keane 's antiques business was robbed by a gang of thieves .
he did serious damage to uk , us and other european nations , it 's claimed .
both were convicted of perverting the course of justice but escaped jail .'
mr lawlor had gone back to house with pattison 's estranged wife gemma .
teenagers who did most homework scored higher in maths tests .
jorge and carmen barahona have been charged with murder in relation .
 supermodels ' waxworks now on display at the musee grevin in paris .
 the us military is developing a bullet which can change direction mid-air .
a total of $ 270,000 was handed over in rewards at camp aguinaldo .
in 2000 accused of assault but reduced to vandalism after he damaged car .
 round up of celebrities who generated most fashion interest on twitter .
a response was from taliban was expected after a military crackdown .
all three live together in a trailer home , where the alleged abuse occurred .'
women were asked to submit racy underwear photographs - and the survey offered winners a miami photo shoot that would be private , police said .
it takes the total number of filters on the facebook-owned app up to 25 .
 ni qiong was pictured in fuzhou offering to sell her baby daughter .
the mother-of-three was raising money for her husband 's medical bill .
airport staff spotted the cat as it ripped open packages in a refrigerator .
cat has been given a home and become ice hockey team 's mascot .
 cecil rex ard 's resignation was formally accepted by the webb town council on monday .
university of michigan study is the most detailed of its kind .'
 at least 15 children and 10 adults killed in al-qaeda bomb attacks in yemen .
they said excesses of partying plus accidents can lead to birthday deaths .
 buckwheat is a russian staple commonly associated with soviet .
 scientists secretly gave 2,051 children and babies diphtheria vaccine .
fifa has declared the appeal inadmissible and dismissed garcia 's claims .
frank de boer has won four consecutive domestic titles with ajax .
crouch and clancy take to twitter to reveal the news .
models on the burberry , erdem and tom ford catwalk were seen in it .
researchers connected a pad with pressure sensors to six volunteers .
here , sportsmail take a look at the top-10 goals of henry 's stellar career .
pacquiao tweeted that they should give fans the fight they want .
howard vows to amend future editions of his book to reflect change .
england face new zealand at twickenham on saturday .
 chester 's gareth roberts finds a packet of biscuits on the pitch .
he was at the ipro stadium to watch their defeat by chelsea on tuesday .
this is an experimental drug derived from cannabidinol -lrb- cbd -rrb- marijuana .
 ramires will miss double header against argentina and japan .
less than 90 % of country is white for the first time ever .
 hackers targeting sony 's computer system may have had inside help .
his alarm clock did n't go off so he overslept and missed school .
wahlberg is seeking a pardon for a racially-motivated assault in 1988 .
 emilie grace olsen was found dead in her bedroom in her ohio home .
bottle of booze is concealed inside a suede-lined compartment in each heel .'
they found that in many of the paintings the colours are fading away .
she admitted 12 counts of theft and was jailed for a year by a judge .
judge mark brown branded her offences ` mean and nasty '
the controversial changes to the nsw bail laws were made in may .
her left leg was wounded so severely that she had to have it amputated below the knee after her wedding .
john , 69 , who she had been married to for 36 years , had punctured lungs .
average age of treatment is 35 , with women over 45 in vast minority .
 comes as william hague outlines options for constitutional change .
grant came first in four subjects and janek topped five courses .
claims she needs $ 20,000 taxpayer-funded sex-reassignment surgery .
police determined he had not broken the law by working at the mcdonald 's .
 kugannesan balasubramaniam is accused of death by dangerous driving .
but the european court of human rights found case was not prejudiced .'
 designs created by miami-based former-model kiki hamann .
it complies with muslim teachings that living things should not be created .
stepfather ` admitted strangling teen , but not skinning or assaulting her ' .
gunman man haron monis is thought to have lived there with his partner amirah droudis .
 leslie gadsby , now 42 , killed his mother edna , 70 , in 2010 .
six homes were flooded and three cars were enveloped by the sinkhole .
policemen and women could soon have computer-watches and glasses .
pair faced charge of health and safety breaches but case has been dropped .
 tortoise at taipei zoo in taiwan ended up on his back .
 jack barry , 53 , attacked in front of sabrina finn as they arrived home .
animals are considered property under indiana law and owners can decide whether they live or die .'
diagnosed with testicular cancer in 2006 and had his testicle removed .
i do n't think 7-year-olds can come up with the idea to go out and protest on the street , ' said officer george borden .
sergeant jayson shaw was deployed to afghanistan in june and not expected back until at least march 2015 .
if extrapolated across the uk , # 12.6 m disappears a year in magazine theft .
 norman newbold , 57 , was shot with a 12-gauge shotgun .
 15-ft balloons are used to smuggle censored material into north korea .
vergence labs make glass with hidden video camera .'
 sheriff 's deputies found two girls naked at filthy house in venice , florida .
charged with child neglect ; both said the other is a ` danger ' to kids .
 eight of the top ten uk attractions are based in london .
 beginning friday , over 698,000 travellers will depart from heathrow .
 carolin wosnitza , 23 , had a heart attack during her sixth breast op .
 jon griffith has published a book featuring images of his toughest climbs .
air force one consumes 5 gallons of jet fuel for every mile it flies .
all of the mysterious weapons are inscribed with a single word - ` ulfberht '
simon gillett insists that yeovil have nothing to fear .
the real madrid forward replied : ` she steals my boxers all the time ' .
pochettino hails ` relationship between the team and the supporters ' .
tottenham will now face sheffield united in the capital one cup semi-final .
 thierry henry retired from football earlier this week .
 newcastle were demolished 4-0 by tottenham on wednesday night .
 daniel sturridge has not played for liverpool since august 31 .
zenit boss villas-boas has no plans to return to manage in england .
 raheem sterling finished off a 51-pass move by liverpool .
 dzhokhar tsarnaev is being put on trial for his role in the boston marathon bombing .
following day carlo ancelotti impresses with keepy-uppies in training .
disgusting designs were created to highlight the sexualisation of shoes .
is promoting her new launch - the link app - for busy law firms .
kennedy was running for president and asked how to deal with castro .
 bullish putin uses annual speech to attack the west and its leaders .
has been showing off her slick new style ahead of launch .
 the queen 's granddaughter opened trinity academy in huddersfield .
 audrey dyson began going to yeovil town games after her husband died .
 the veteran cameraman who was a police sniper 's eyes for the duration of the sydney siege for more than 16 hours .
 shoppers panic buying ahead of huge price rises due to start tomorrow .
 dakota nafzinger was handed the lime-green toy monday after allegedly using his cane to hit someone .
video footage shows how hoards of other passengers then joined in .
 bookmaker stopped taking bets of 10-1 that her majesty would step down .
carlo ancelotti shows off his keepy-uppies in real madrid training .
 pygmy possums are a tiny nocturnal species native to southern australia .
 james coleman daubed graffiti on school hours after death of erick maina .
 david souaan , 20 , was arrested at heathrow trying to flee for syria in may .
claimed that pictures were just to make him ` look cool ' and were ` trophies ' .
mother-of-one was in a coma after matthew sargent fractured her skull .
vertonghen says eriksen can emulate paul gascogine and glenn hoddle .
thomson used the funds to pay for prostitutes and lavish meals .
israel has demanded the eu immediately restore hamas on list .
keane waited outside cleverley 's house before leaving .
made speech at london cathedral of community of middle east christians .
 liverpool signed mario balotelli in for # 16million in august .
it is the 34-year-old 's first half-century since may - a full 16 innings ago .
the pair have been booed by scottish fans on a number of occasions .
before suit was made public , bill de blasio ` quietly suppressed news ' .
he also got more and more violent and controlling as he got deeper into ` his islamic studies ' .
 goldfish pool at chartwell painting by winston churchill sold for # 1.8 m .
 kayleigh moran was stopped by elderly man while shopping in ashton .
 man , in his forties , involved in altercation outside cambridge corner shop .
gordon strachan has called up rangers ' lewis macleod for first time .
 amirah droudis , wife of the sydney siege gunman , was born anastasia .
there are now six complaints over ` snooping ' cctv cameras every day .
seven people have been rescued from the rubble , and one has died .'
bodies of ms bevan and zaani were found in gully on side of avon gorge .
they were allowed to return to their villages and found the mass grave .
auctioneers said 0.06 acre site had ` great potential for redevelopment ' .
 lizzie lowe , 14 , had confided to friends about her struggle with sexuality .
 tim watson-munro got into a cab in sydney hours after the siege ended .
 markus kaarma , 30 , shot diren dede , 17 , in his montana garage .
usmanov has lost # 500m and abramovich # 288m this week .
 rosalind cormack , 58 , left her eight pets to die in disgusting conditions .
wants more than the $ 9.35 she is paid an hour to support her family .
after a row in their monroe , georgia , home she said : ` do n't you trust me ? '
she then took the 9mm-glock pistol and shot herself in the jaw .
both father and daughter were arraigned on charges related to the deadly crash on wednesday .
british airways and disney partnered to give 40 children a magical day out .
 the un-named woman was injured when a section of roof collapsed .
dared to bare for charity calendar called ` the wrinklies 2015 ' .
london did n't make the list but cornwall came sixth .
possible extras include a groom , more flowers or a dinner companion .'
for the most affordable traditional christmas getaway , opt for belgium .
those looking for winter sun should head to cyprus or the canary islands .'
but alnwick has been passed fit to face sunderland on sunday .
the right back smashed a controller after losing a match on the console .
hamilton says the ` war ' began then and has pushed him toward title .
everton 's tim howard has sympathy with his goalkeeping colleague .
nadal , 28 , will also model the designer 's tailored collections .
this allowed placental animals - from mice to men - to rise to dominance .
the rate of suicides alone is greater in five of those states .
 sign erected outside patterson school number 20 in new jersey .
 bbc reporters secretly filmed an iphone 6 production line in china .
ryan schmidt had a cyst on his leg for 32 years .
michael van gerwen is among those kicking off the opening night at the ally pally .
 edinson cavani scored the only goal of the game after less than one minute of the match .
 footage shows man believed to be a cop punching ' 12-year-old boy ' .
but carrick believes his strongest position will always be in midfield .
athletic bilbao lost 2-0 at home to porto .'
chisora is said to have threatened the two men in a car park .
would allow people to ` upload ' their brain to a computer system .
 woman is wife in a polygamous islamic marriage to bangladeshi man .
husband had wanted her to be cared for at her home in london .'
 adlene guedioura scored twice as watford beat cardiff 4-2 in south wales .
these whatsapp discussions almost secured kassig 's release .
endured 15 surgeries before persuading surgeons to amputate her leg .
yogi and psychologist lectures and teaches seminars about tantra .
 lieutenant commander grant dalgleish , 35 , was on six-month deployment .
when grant stepped ashore on thursday he was ` absolutely gobsmacked '
 debbie and mark taylor , both 42 , put off their wedding for 20 years .
the heavily modified r34 nissan skyline featured in f&f 4 , out in 2009 .
fans furious at mike ashley 's growing influence over the glasgow club .
bent is on loan at brighton after falling out of favour at villa .'
targett wants to become a regular starter under manager ronald koeman .
had the bus stop been in use , he would have risked a # 70 fine .
jose mourinho believes hazard can become a stamford bridge great .
 there is a full schedule of premier league fixtures this weekend .
magpies have lost the last three tyne-wear derbies .
he was put in isolation twice after teachers ruled it was 4.5 mm too short .
he followed yul xu 's daughter xiao and battered her with a hammer .
 cody robert healey , 28 , was taken off life support monday .
he ` encouraged his children to bring over their high school friends so he could assault them '
the bile is extracted through regular , painful procedures .
 gary price , 46 , heads up conservation on medieval salisbury cathedral .
ruling means non-eu family of european workers have right to move to uk .
the rectangular building was built from cast iron by w macfarlane in 1880s .
we did what we had to do as soldiers ' .
 amazing photographs taken all over the world , from bognor regis in west sussex to a wildlife park in south africa .
clegg vows to investigate ` totally unacceptable ' poor quality meals .
reindeers resting in shubenacadie provincial wildlife park , nova scotia .
the raids were not in any way related to the siege in martin place .
alisher usmanov and roman abromivich loose # 800million between them .
inquest hears he was on black run when he crashed into snow machine .
machine 's boom arm was not padded and skier was not wearing helmet .
restaurant previously promoted a $ 10,000 festive menu .
velautham sarveswaran has also slashed the cost of diesel to # 1.16 a litre .
but even they could not free it and the car had to be dismantled in a garage .
he claimed at birmingham crown court that her death was an accident .'
his family say there are still 700 body parts to identify .'
philip rhodes , 70 , allegedly failed to stop his dog and jumped on mother .
court heard pulled her to ground and drunkenly slurred ` get off her ' to dog .
 arias convicted of murder last year but jury was deadlocked on penalty .
 director of television and bbc1 controller in la for annual screenings .
danny cohen stayed at famous hotel for seven nights , costing # 1,385.87 .
mickey was chained up in a yard and kevin grabbed his bone .
kevin 's face was virtually ripped off , breaking his eye socket and jaw .
judge decided mickey would be neutered and de-fanged , not euthanized .
it prompted prime minister nawaz sharif to promise a terrorist crackdown .
 robyn hope had the opportunity to escape from the lindt cafe .
it is too hot for life as we know it , but can be studied by other probes .
eu bans investment and tourism in the disputed crimea .
british heart foundation will sell them for only # 200 - # 300 .'
gutridge is being held on $ 1 million bail and faces 25 years in prison if convicted .
 doctors have confirmed that rafael nadal is suffering from appendicitis .
 the inaugural indian super league kicks off on october 12 .
painter described the loss as ` comical and slightly embarrassing '
newcastle have held further talks with free agent striker bafetimbi gomis .
jonny williams interesting swansea , hull and southampton .
he ` encouraged his children to bring over their high school friends so he could assault them '
 iker casillas ' starting place with spain is under threat from david de gea .
but he claims that it was in fact a ` just war ' to combat german aggression .
qpr and swansea 's most expensive packages cost # 450 .
shaw suffered a hamstring injury in training on tuesday .
wright was sporting his trademark flamboyant hair-style .
spaniard moved to chelsea from barcelona for # 30m this summer .
he also revealed that he is looking forward to returning to the emirates .
 australia beat the barbarians 40-36 at twickenham on saturday .
 roberto soldado has been below-par since joining spurs last august .
 apple co-founder steve wozniak is officially an australian resident .
 inaugural indian super league runs from october 12 until december 20 .
chelsea striker injured playing for spain against france .
but milan reveal he injured left ankle on saturday .'
 fiorentina beat tottenham 2-0 in the europa league round of 32 .
micah richards is also on loan at the club from manchester city .
frenchman was swamped by arsenal fans as he arrived .
the bride wore valentino dress and reception was held at one marylebone .
guests included ben 's sister jemima khan and brother , tory mp zac .
blog now being run by anonymous current student .
serb will face roger federer in the semi-finals .'
strengthens claims homosexuality is decided by biology , not choice .
reignites debate over whether a ` gay gene ' exists .
he recently hit out at shops with poor access for those in wheelchairs .
but locals in his constituency point out his office is difficult to access .
 russia drew 1-1 with south korea in their opening group h match .
 adrian mutu 's contract was terminated by petrolul ploiesti .
 aston villa boss paul lambert says star players will not leave in january .
 willian , ramires , dante , jo , henrique and hernanes among those doing extra training on the sand at brazil 's training complex .
liverpool lost 3-0 against manchester united in their last premier league clash .
the first time is after sandler asks the studio for $ 200million to greenlight a film adaptation of the game candyland .
his ex girlfriend showgirl raffaella fico had confirmed he was her father .
taught at old school of bbc economics editor robert peston .'
 la lakers star was in the crowd for the entertaining 0-0 draw .
 lewis macleod is a target for premier league sides everton and burnley .
russian president quipped that the local journalist had been drinking .
later emerged that the man , a local reporter , is a survivor of two strokes .'
they signed up to work before being told they were ` in debt ' , court told .
 judith bridges ' husband campbell bridges was stabbed to death in 2009 .
animals are considered property under indiana law and owners can decide whether they live or die .'
court heard how she ` waved her breasts ' in a dementia sufferer 's face .
 the horrific accident unfolded in changsha city , in south china .
the trucker was killed instantly when the concrete flyover crushed him .
five-foot long , 100lb device can dive to 300ft while transmitting data .
 lewis macleod left rangers for championship play-off hopefuls brentford .
 utah woman inhales thin slice of turkey meat in viral video .
 two-year-old chinese boy covers # 150,000 porsche in green paint .
used photographs of his young daughters superimposed on paintings of famous faces including napoleon bonaparte .
in with a chance of winning a # 250 voucher and # 250 charity donation .
association said report will be published with sections redacted .
host andrew neil wore a penguin jumper as he welcomed viewers .
but michael portillo stole the show with festive jacket , trousers and tie .
he was caught in a trading standards sting offering to sell the rolex and dvds .
the 37-year-old mother mersane warria has been charged with eight counts of murder .
 adot.com launched #shedlight campaign with stirring video .
she was shot repeatedly on the night of june 13 , 2008 in clondalkin .
 martin bell attacked gemma simpson with a hammer and knife in 2000 .
aides believed canvassing in rochester and strood was against their code .
pictures emerged just weeks after she gave birth to her baby daughter .
woman questions men spreading their legs on the subway .
mr gerra can not leave his hospital bed to visit his wife in her nursing home .
winston mckenzie said that like jesus is ` one man and we 're his army ' .
grand prize went to hong kong 's brian yen for his shot of a woman on a crowded train .
 louis van gaal has confirmed that michael carrick will be vice captain .
he was substituted after an hour against lorient at the weekend .
markovic scored first goal for liverpool during 3-1 win over bournemouth .
around 200 militants have been killed since tuesday 's school massacre .
rare negatives were bought for just $ 20 -lrb- # 12 -rrb- at a flea market in havana .
elected official in suffolk county , new york , said his account was hacked .
glamour model jordan carver has reportedly offered to be reus ' chauffeur .
aston villa forward sent off after challenge on ashley young .
 romelu lukaku scores first own goal to set southampton on their way to victory against everton .
claims she was forced to attend prayer meets run by a baptist minister .
david silva was on target twice for the champions in the convincing win .
clubs are all taking part to coincide with remembrance weekend .
alyssa , carter , miles and bentley were born prematurely at 25 weeks .
the 41-year-old will give sterling a break during the festive period .
lars bender and morgan schneiderlin are also being monitored .'
vonn returned from one-year absence following two knee operations .
 jose mourinho hits out at anti-chelsea bias ahead of stoke clash .
the president says he ` unconditionally condemns ' the killings , and that there is no justification .
 michael brown 's family said violence toward police ` can not be tolerated ' .
` bring little spiderman william tyrell home ' facebook page has set up a christmas tree - decked with his favourite superhero - at a local club .
 reddit user dkbobby 's sister-in-law removed one jenga piece from the entire stack .
based on report by citizens advice from 900,000 people across country .
 midnight mass has been a tradition for catholics in britain for 1,500 years .
they initially wanted $ 25 million for the property , but after a year on the market they settled for that price .
now she shares her stunning angel cake recipe for you to make at home .
satellite tv engineer , 48 , remanded in custody by hendon magistrates .
queensland police visited the makeshift site and were seen hugging locals .
ongoing row over labelling of halal meat - eu report set to come next year .
filming currently underway in london for 24th james bond movie spectre .'
 france blames an ` anglo-saxon plot ' for its ailing global culinary influence .
michelin-starred alain ducasse and guy savoy are drawing up a battle plan .
the 99-year-old is widely credited with inventing the television interview .
 government announced plans for the 1.8-mile tunnel on a303 last month .
but archaeologists found a new site next to the planned tunnel route .
older than the monument , it could be key to solving its mystery .
 london gatwick issued warning to festive travellers about banned items .
the 27-year-old has been cheering professionally for eight years .
she said she missed australia and her family but has come to love the us .
 alexis sanchez will go head-to-head with raheem sterling at anfield .
david silva was in inspirational form to lead manchester city to victory .
but the striker 's challenge on ashley young was not dangerous .
he has been linked with a move to many of europe 's top clubs .
blues captain believes strength in depth will be key to success this season .
terry compares nemanja matic to former team-mate claude makelele .
princess beatrice , dressed as a christmas pudding , also among guests .'
 rolf vogt 's house in calle , germany , has lit up his house for 15 years .
luke murphy put leeds 1-0 up with a stunning first-half strike .
 mom bobby wilson wanted to prove to her kids that their elf on the shelf really does move once they go to bed .
jones had already been appointed referee for west brom vs west ham .
brinsley murdered police officers wenjian liu and rafael ramos before turning his gun on himself .
she had ` mucky ' break-up with simon boswell - the father of her child .
 cristiano ronaldo was born on the portuguese island of madeira .
ronaldo faces stiff competition from lionel messi in arguments over who is currently the best player in the world .'
luis signed for the blues for # 16million during the summer .
jamie redknapp liked what he saw from the liverpool performance .
 rick holley , ceo of plum creek timber , returned the bonus earlier this month .
 joanne chesimard , or assata shakur , shot and killed a cop in 1973 .
 study done by the american journal of physical medicine & rehabilitation used 149 participants ages 18 to 40 .
 plans to allow response times to double revealed in a leaked nhs memo .
 harold mayne-nicholls is chairman of fifa group that assessed rival bids .
the juror was terrified and called police , who traced the number .
human rights groups said executions were ` inherently cruel punishment '
the private nanny was fined $ 1200 and disqualified from driving for 11 months on thursday .
 the prime minister assured that the anonymous tip-off was followed up by authorities , but did n't reveal the imminent sydney siege attack .
could become extinct due to pre-christmas discounts like ` black friday ' .
 garage in kensington , west london , has gone on the market for # 650,000 .
ft. and is currently uninhabitable .
most of the women delivered blood-curdling screams before realizing it is only a prank .
is to republish his book on the couple where he will outline his proof .
gunman ismaaiyl brinsley had shot ex-girlfriend in baltimore that morning .
market analysts are baffled about the cataclysmic share drop .
the bizarre images reveal the ` innards ' of androids and they include artificial organs and a mechanical spine .
 sprouts are the largest in a decade thanks to ` perfect ' growing conditions .
had been trying to access first-class lounge on her way to switzerland .
miss palmer-tomkinson said she was not drunk and that staff were ` nice ' .
the publisher she accuses asked judge to order removal of posts .
rumoured to have bagged himself a hollywood girlfriend , chloe moretz .
the uk recently sanctioned a # 19m trial of driverless cars .'
they risk food poisoning at christmas due to bacteria like campylobacter .
her comments were sent to city hall and she was soon dismissed .
liverpool 's win last season was their first in six attempts .
 steven taylor and martin skrtel both received head injuries on sunday .
the reaction of the fans ` revived his faith ' after costa rica draw .
england have won six from six since the world cup debacle .
 the dutch royal family are spending christmas at villa la angostura .
 arsenal conceded an injury-time martin skrtel header to draw at liverpool .
 aston villa drew 1-1 with manchester united in the premier league .
 texas a&m will expand their stadium to a capacity of 102,500 .
 rangers held their annual general meeting at ibrox on monday .
galleria dell ` accademia in florence limits visitors to minimize vibrations .
wrote personal essay about his experience for outsports on december 16 .'
google said it wants the cars to drive ` the way other people drive ' .
kasem 's remains have been buried after six months of his family members warring over his unburied body .
kasem 's children were not at the funeral , and it is unclear if his widow and did not find out he had been buried until monday .
 clarke carlisle was airlifted to leeds general infirmary on monday after being hit by a lorry .
 angel di maria registered 14 assists in la liga this calendar year .
the former manchester united manager heaped praise on jose mourinho .
thomas told galen to punch him in the face to settle the dispute .
 oliver foster-burnell was charged fees and penalties of more than # 700 .
no motive for the shooting is known .
pampered pooches enjoy days out at the fair and nights in watching dvds .'
computer scientists are running the project for the next 18 months .
couple are living in fear that their three young children may be next .
those attending leading public servants ' school will no longer undergo it .
noleen hayson pal was found dead in a stairwell in 2013 .
bodies were found saturday night inside the family 's trailer in maine .
 officer walter dunne 's letter is thought to be the earliest account of battle .
ukip confirmed she was removed for ` bringing the party into disrepute '
 the feline suffered smoke inhalation in a house fire on friday in texas .
he then hid his stash in the cavity above his ceiling , until it grew too heavy .
ms karroum was shot alongside her husband , a known al-qaeda fighter .
detectives said khan provided money laundering on an ` industrial scale '
 michael ebanks , 33 , and mark west , 37 , admit conspiracy to smuggle drugs .
both have had their sentences extended - ebanks to 20 years and west to ten .'
soon the couple were waist-deep in mud at cudmore grove country park .
 angry customers complained of delivery slots being cancelled by retailers .
 surveillance footage captured a thief stealing christmas presents off the porch of an autistic teen .
they are divided up according to age , education and marital status .
german journalist interviewed christian emde as isis militant in mosul .
 interview with \xc3\x89ric zemmour prompted outrage among french left .
` woz ' as he 's known has a son in sydney and also teaches at a university in the city .
she was unable to get out or reach her emergency alarm leaving her stuck .
$ 174,690 has now been raised for the family .
 saul duck is wearing a different outfit everyday in december .
he was furious that she had n't done any housework or prepared a meal .
the tree is connected to an arduino - which transforms the tweets and hashtags into electronic pulses .'
 reckless driving linked to watching films with dangerous driving scenes .
 australia 's bureau of meteorology has given its weather forecast for christmas day in australia .
police suspect he had been trying to evade paying his taxi fare .
masters course included module on internet security and hacking .
the home secretary 's move welcomed by some child abuse victim groups .
she was only able to identify one , hassnain , by a plaster on his finger .
washington state facing up to 15 inches of snow over the next 72 hours .
another mp can be seen holding the coat while he leans down to smell it .
it was owned by mp rachel makri , who later described them as ` dullards '
operator allegedly said officers ` deserved it ' , outraging fdny member .
kwiatkowski was recently indicted on federal civil rights violations after an incident in 2009 when he and two cops ` shot a black teenager with a bb gun while the boy was handcuffed and in their squad car '
de blasio has now called for protesters to stand down until after the funerals of wenjian liu and rafael ramos - but they have refused .
no one else was on board the plane when it landed and skidded to a stop .
 kentucky senator switches on washington 's buzz machine with tweeted photo of a garment sporting a presidential campaign message .
 state-of-the-art patrol car three times more powerful than british police cars .
 alan pardew has given his players the day off following their derby defeat .
now midfielder matic reckons chelsea should target the quadruple .
 cristiano ronaldo helped real madrid win the club world cup in morocco .
she has taken twin of gammy , pipah , with her which could stall wa government 's investigation .
the liverpool forward posted a controversial image on instagram .
games can also improve facial recognition and expressing emotions .
 photographs taken by former buzzcocks drummer john maher show abandoned homes on remote scottish islands .
doctors were hopeful but now say it is unlikely his memory will return .
ancient tool was found west of ismir , on the anatolian peninsula , turkey .
was warned not to speak out by top navy seal officers but did it anyway .
 eljero elia will join southampton on loan on january 3 until end of season .
 gareth bale joined real madrid for # 86million in the summer of 2013 .
 brooklyn da kenneth thompson commented as he described a case brought against five people in which guns were taken onto passenger jets .
 manchester city have won eight games in a row in all competitions .
pablo zabaleta says the run is down to team spirit .'
 tom cleverley has impressed since arrival on loan from manchester united .
 some of manchester united 's players paid a festive visit to young patients .
captain vincent kompany and yaya toure enlisted a pair of youngsters for a game of table football .
julian 's mother showed leo the letter , and he showed it to his boss .
 youtube star josh paler lin conducted experiment with secret cameras .
 najeh masaeid , 63 , killed by a blow to the head sunday night in birmingham , alabama , while delivering a pizza .
police believe the order was fake and it was a premeditated robbery .
 held at methodist hospital in houston for observation ` as a precaution ' .
the retired teacher posted photo on facebook asking for help to identify it .
they now trail the scottish championship leaders by nine points .
 adam gray was 11-years-old when father died in london bombings in 2005 .
reports have stated that manchester united are interested in signing him .
 christie , 33 , plays warrior brienne of tarth in the hit hbo series .
west ham defender james tomkins held his face after being pushed in the chest by everton wideman kevin mirallas .
 emile heskey played for bolton wanderers under 21s this week .
the barcelona striker sent gift baskets of food and drinks .
song has n't played for cameroon since 2014 world cup .
after more than 1 minute of flashing their lights , they confront the driver .'
former colleague says it 's ` completely made-up ' - ms knowles vows it 's true .
the car , with number plate 88belle , was stolen at 11.55 pm on tuesday .
 siberian lynx point cats alice and finnegan have more than 100,000 followers on the picture-sharing site instagram .
graham is charged with breaking into her home and setting it on fire .
 thai surrogate baby gammy celebrates his first birthday on tuesday .
many backers are concerned about miliband 's hushing up of torture .
 strict rules say there should never be any treachery against islamic state .
but aamer 's family were assured miliband was trying to bring him home .
anders breivik killed 77 people in 2011 after he went on a shooting spree .
in the latest attack , homes were damaged and household items were stolen .'
she then watched in delight as the dogs all ate their festive treat .
he was riding a bike on a rural property in millaa millaa when he crashed .
couple ordered the appliances for their new home in west malling , kent .
but she told him she was ending 44 year relationship for another man .
he slashed tops and cut jeans before placing them neatly back on hangers .
bristol-based 37-year-old decided to use money to start charity called deki .
 briton abu abdel malik al-britani was killed fighting for isis in syria .
six girls had visited the kensington salon and spa in swadlincote , derbys .
 new jersey governor said president should have been more ` assertive ' .
says makers of citizenfour should give earnings to us government .
but for several months until january 2014 she again worked with children .'
 the breeding colony of emperor penguins were pictured in antarctica .
the joey has grown very attached to her keeper evelyn weston .
victoria police confirmed a piece of clothing had been handed into them .
lynch has been vocal about attacking critics of the nypd over disciplinary and pay disputes .
he says joseph 's distant relations would have put family up for the night .
the bible actually claims there was no guest room for them , he says .
did n't address row directly , but said ' i never wanted to step in those shoes '
 manchester united drew 1-1 away at aston villa on saturday .
 british boxer amir khan has flown out to pakistan with his brother haroon .
her body was found by a caretaker who helped her care for several cats .
rooney also called on chris smalling to ` learn ' from red card against city .
posted text messages alleging the two were planning to have sex in his bed .
here 's his # btw , ' wrote the hacker and activist group anonymous .
reveals how she chased after her pony , earl , after it escaped through gate .
obama is scheduled to make his remarks before congress on jan. 20 .
 comments were made by london-based futurologist dr james bellini .
thousands have died this year attempting to cross the mediterranean .
expert claims tourism in the gambia has since been brought to its knees .
the segment capped off with limbaugh comparing elba 's casting to george clooney playing president obama and kate hudson as michelle .
anelka was banned for five games after making an anti-semitic gesture during his time at west brom .'
the incident took place on a64 near bishopthorpe on monday morning .
deandre yedlin will join in january from seattle sounders .
 jared powers and winona valdez were shocked to find their photos and malicious posts on the website cheaterville.com .
they beat mainz 05 before christmas and face wolfsburg on january 30 .
they are near , but slightly shifted away , from north and south poles .
this means dawn breaks over south while dusk falls over the north .
the couple kissed , cuddled and laughed in malibu on wednesday .
tweeted after the attack : ` we warned you -- do not fly in `` our sky '' . '
 david ospina starred for colombia at 2014 world cup in brazil .
retired from international football last august following vancouver move .
qpr lost 1-0 at newcastle on saturday after moussa sissoko 's winner .
beyonce arrives in jay z in a beautiful black beaded givenchy gown .
the habitat is 36 feet -lrb- 11 metres -rrb- wide to prevent claustrophobia .
ferdinand has struggled to adapt to life at qpr since joining this summer .
nettles was out last weekend when she ran into facebook friend paris wilson , 20 , and he started flirting with her .
figure was 77 % in 1997 , and support among other groups has also fallen .
 laura jane butler says her likeness to the tragic singer is ` uncanny ' .
it was found unbound with its original paper boards from the publisher .
 hospital bosses and medical staff fired after surgeons pose for selfies .
she was described as ` one of the most significant ' finds of the 20th century .
plans have now been put forward to return her to her final resting place .
 the red kiosk company has ` adopted ' 100 of the iconic phone booths .
town officials say it violates local property maintenance codes .'
all were jailed for their role in the gang at worcester crown court .'
 madison priest , 7 , wrote a letter to santa asking for him to give her presents to the homeless instead .
radisson blu told him he could park there and to send an appeal letter .
it shows mr and mrs hogg using stick to take the selfie in their garden .
hgv rolled backwards and got wedged between two hedges in colerne .
was too heavy for recovery vehicles and they considered using helicopter .
 families forced to abandon their homes after they were flooded last year .
some families have returned home for first time - just in time for christmas .
 the four-strong production team travelled from maroubra , in sydney 's east , to palm beach , in the north .
 group were ` storming ' into shops and restaurants doing military-style drills .
 every year residents of the boulevard in ivanhoe decorate their street .
stoehr wrote a letter to facebook founder mark zuckerberg on an old type writer that said ` i 'm still here '
 thug , known as x , was due to be sentenced for carrying a knife last year .
 in the 64th minute , peter crouch 's header appeared to hit chris smalling .
she is also accused of having sex with him in same room as his brothers .
 roy hodgson is contemplating whether to call up daniel sturridge .
sturridge has been struggling with fitness since picking up a thigh injury on international duty .
the 36-year-old striker could play against blackburn on boxing day .
louis van gaal will have been pleased with his midfielder 's form .
ouerbacker 's dad is the scout troop 's leader .
 torimi cafe , osaka , introduces bird flavored ice cream at small bird expo .
yesterday 's violence is the worst the country has seen in years .
 schoolboy kristjan ndoj , 15 , was shot in the head on saturday night .
 steven grieveson , 42 , was convicted of murder at newcastle crown court .
grieveson had already been found guilty of three other murders .
northumbria police arrested the man this morning and are questioning him .
cheick tiote will be missing for newcastle due to suspension .
arsene wenger insists his team have not gone backwards in the last year .
woman says ' i want you to get it out ' in the ad - in a reference to an e-cig .
` he 's doing very well .
married british muslim jermaine lindsay who was a 7/7 suicide bomber .
the newcastle united right-back is a replacement for mathieu debuchy .
they later claimed any reference to the 1982 conflict was coincidental .'
the elf , who has not been named , blew mid-range and had his licence suspended .
ebola has claimed the lives of more than 7,500 in west africa so far .
identified as clathrus archeri or ` octopus stinkhorn ' - an exotic fungus .
 brandon howard , 31 , has long been compared to the king of pop .
 adrian thompson died after becoming unresponsive in a police vehicle .
 grandfather frost carries a magic staff and visits on new year 's eve .
grandmother-of-three was sentenced to eight weeks a in surrey prison .
they include aurora martin born in the early hours to leigh-ann gibson .'
cinemas claim they have been threatened with closure if they show film .
activists say the pair will now face a special ` terrorism ' court in riyadh .
the 44-year-old said the lid had not been fitted properly at mcdonalds .
johann gudmundsson equalises with two minutes to play .'
oxlade-chamberlain is adapting his game to a central midfield role .
 jose mourinho made the accusation after last season 's 0-0 draw .
warning comes on eve of two-day conference on sexual exploitation .'
the unnamed source said the pilot then returned without the missiles .
mr ortiz , from mexico , is the world 's most renowned extreme kayaker .
 obama woke up and went to the gym at the marine corps base .
on christmas day he addressed hundreds of troops as the combat mission in afghanistan draws to a close .'
chelsea pushed stroller as she walked next to former president bill .
thousands of indonesians gathered in banda aceh , the capital of aceh province , where around 170,000 people died .
the new names have been discovered in never-before-seen documents .
the father-of-two has even passed on his obsession to his two sons .
such is the size of his collection , mr hope has converted his spare room .
families of the victims today sat through thai court proceedings .
 household incomes will continue to rise next year , but the resolution foundation warns they match growth seen in early 2000s until 2016 .
but it was seven hours before it arrived while her mother lay in pain .'
the blaze was started after the tree came in contact with a nearby power line .
doctors told him to ` get on a treadmill ' when he said he was depressed .
lambeth palace confirmed the diagnosis today with a message on twitter .
but the 12-year-old was meant to be playing joseph of nazareth in nativity .
 rev.
 sydney siege gunman man haron monis spent six years lobbying the australian media watchdog over sunrise stories .
nixon dodged a question about whether or not guard troops were on ferguson 's main streets before the chaos erupted .
three tanks at the al-sidra port have been burning since yesterday .
companies would be handed fines for breaching their customers ' privacy .
estimates boosted by inclusion of prostitution and drugs in gdp figures .
tributes were paid to the pair , named locally as john and enya maguire .
diagnosed with steven-johnson syndrome - an allergic reaction to the pills .
truth , lies , diana is based on interviews with figures who knew princess .
hackers also released sony 's movie the interview for illegal download .
he is currently on a mission to the international space station .
 sydney swans veteran adam goodes said that he wants to be remembered ` for making a difference ' .
second man escaped but his mentor was arrested and asked where he was .
one or more people now detained in relation to cpl mccarthy 's murder .
 the unidentified suspect was so offended by a 68-year-old man 's sneeze that he allegedly punched him in the face at around 6:30 p.m.  surveillance footage from the station shows the dark-haired suspect wearing glasses and a dark beige waist length coat .
 jayden wilson died in his sleep after battling brain tumour for months .
grandmother janice took her to gp and was diagnosed with heart murmur .
complained the show paints islamabad as a ` hellhole ' refuge for terrorists .
each year he returns to the same room and remembers the tragic day .'
this is back when the couple used to live in sydney 's chinatown .  '
accuses obama of recklessness and blames them for internet outage .
 charlotte chou was released from guangzhou no.
 lindsey mcnamara , 24 , allegedly smeared raw pork in front of officers .
 christmas crackers are banned for under-12s thanks to an eu directive .
 gail larkin said parents are trying to one-up each other with extra lessons .
briana dangerfield , 25 , also faces multiple charges in relation to his death .
other signatories of letter include author julian barnes , philosopher ac grayling , hugh grant , sir patrick stewart , jo brand and eric idle .
he was left devastated when the queen mother died aged 101 in 2002 .
hansum disappeared in may while out for a walk with owner julie evans .
 mugshots of addicts were used for campaign showing ravages of meth .
birch tree sap carries an array of potential health and beauty benefits .
he was meant to fly with his wife and three children but his father fell ill .
he was admitted as a precaution after displaying ` shortness of breath ' .
 paul samara was handcuffed and had his fingerprints and dna taken .
daniel confino asked for an extra tea bag but was charged # 2.20 for it .
 nathan and laura whitfield met during a production of snow white .
there were 155 passengers on board and seven airline crew .
 blaze started shortly after 11am at british heart foundation charity shop .
he was jailed for minimum of 13 years and died behind bars last month .
a million parcels are stuck in depots and customers must pick them up .
miliband was stopped from taking part as he ` was not winning any votes '
the little girl did not find her father 's pun very amusing .
supported by heightened radiation readings and witness testimonies .'
more than one million from poland , slovakia and hungary arrived .
 fights erupted at a mall in pennsylvania , scaramento , and missouri .
police barricaded a mall in missouri after fights started .'
detectives believe ring could be responsible for abusing several other girls .
aircraft was carrying 227 passengers and 14 crew when it diverted .'
a plunge in support for abbott government is no surprise , labor says .'
father plans to return to us within month - but vows to ` continue battle '
contain animal or bird carcasses , unhatched eggs and pile of pebbles .
he 's since amassed more than 60,000 movie items including lightsabers .
 scientists from the oregon health and science university gave zebra finches alcoholic juice and analysed the effect on their singing .
they found songs were slurred , quieter and ` less organised ' .
 bilal taha , 34 , was shot dead outside a home in condell park in sydney 's west at approximately 6pm on sunday evening .
a barring order was in place , but it was removed at family 's request .
he says urban snowboarding is harder than boarding down a mountain .'
 masked robber caught on cctv brandishing a 6-inch knife in a mcdonald 's .
passengers scheduled to fly to doha from madrid waited over six hours .'
he was pictured with a broken tooth and tears streaming down his face .
alleged attack took place in the polk county circuit court .
thalia says kit spends his time watching home alone and movies starring his kids .
charity fundraiser starts and finishes at the tite inn in chadlington .
pictures of caviar with the hashtag #whatcrisis were posted on instagram .
others baited the little menaces with eggs and peanut butter to trap them .
it is thought the animals were bred to sell for christmas but were not sold .
 jordan graham , from utah , posted a video of his grandma opening what she thought was a new iphone on youtube .
 customer fury as woolworths bring out the hot cross buns months days after christmas .
 a man seen leaving the dog claimed to have saved it from oncoming traffic .
the damaged eye was replaced with a fake taxidermy eye .
it was replaced for cosmetic as well as health reasons , said the vet .
it wasfirst time the surgery has been carried out at vancouver aquarium .'
 bargain-hunters fumed on twitter saying cut-price items have sold out .
springer spaniel has been with staffordshire police for about eight years .
had operation to remove extra limb and will now undergo physiotherapy .'
insoles have a mechanical system inside them , which spins a generator .
officers were trying to save the sight of a 22-year-old who had been attacked .
at-home inking kits can be ordered online for just $ 40 .
not known whether any had been addressed by time of the deadly blaze .
it is hoped these will relax his muscles and help him walk like his brother .'
her gp diagnosed her with severe labyrinthitis , a common ear infection .
this technology uses stereo cameras to plot and monitor the road ahead .
 users of android apps were worst hit over the weekend .
 teenage girl , 14 , was indecently assaulted while watching a movie at a perth cinema .
called emergency landing and stopped in williamsport , pennsylvania .'
and also that she fraudulently took child support money from him .
 delta airlines flight 468 was set to fly from jfk airport to tel aviv .
 blake kerwin , 17 , is a justin bieber lookalike but was actually born a girl .
he saw stephen bunting knock out james wade in the second round .
overall real estate sales are down 1.2 percent for 2014 .
police are investigating as a murder-suicide .
 daredevil sierra blair-coyle , 20 , is the two-time us national champion .
 rodial unveil their first-ever contouring cosmetics and skincare range .
the calendar costs # 10 and is available from the team 's ebay page .
the website uses ` hidden city ' technique ticketing to save money .
 former prime minster has predicted ed miliband will lose general election .
 man reportedly fell from fifth floor escalator after 1pm this afternoon .
the congressional district is republican-leaning .
call the midwife and sherlock topped the most popular drama show lists .
 shante hopkins , 24 , died on saturday after she pulled over on i-435 .
the mother-of-one says she was punched in the face with a set of keys .
ultimately it will be used to test various components of the james webb space telescope .
sewed heartfelt notes ` from dad ' , written by sister-in-law , to the fabric .
they are fitted with ring radiator technology which controls the sound .
speakers will rival other similar speakers including the ue boom .
says some parents are buying housing close to top state schools .
he explains that many other parents are shelling out for private tutors .
the short stays are being blamed on a shortage of midwives and beds .
afghanistan to take control of all combat and security operations from january 1 .
 sedef kabas questioned by police after posting message on twitter feed .
 the average house price in england and wales has now fell to # 176,600 .
this is compared to a peak of # 177,400 earlier this year in august .
legal to keep pet bears in russia although campaigners are calling for ban .'
the project designer from manchester also spent # 5,000 on bowie tattoos .
he then changed former partner 's password so she could not remove it .
he ate the penises of ` at least ' three tigers and drank the animals ' blood .
he claimed to know him ` very well ' and insisted monis was ` not violent ' and had no intention of harming his 18 hostages .
 the unnamed woman had no idea her father was affiliated with the klan .
 arthur 's seat has a 4.5 rating after more than 4,500 tripadvisor reviews .
 bristol county council moved the cycle lane onto the pavement .
 all 162 people on board doomed airasia flight when it crashed on sunday .
ads ' ` implied ' 84 people had saved over an eight-week challenge , says asa .
the 44-year-old 's 400-item collection is worth more than # 10,000 .
she was one of 10 people injured in the crash which killed six last week .
 urban outfitters has been ordered to remove the image from its website .
court records show he is charged with sex offense in fourth degree .
it claims reduced size ` in line with competitors ' and tea bags are stronger .
neu5gc is not found in humans and so our immune system attacks it .
the plucky pensioner decided to test out what his new gadget could do .
another , adel al-hakeemy , insisted he was just working as a chef .
 chief executive mark carne was on track to receive a # 135,000 bonus .
 jay musca , 17 , was spearfishing when he was attacked and killed by a shark at cheynes beach on the west australian coast .
 rita barbagallo , from sydney , is a magician and children 's entertainer .
survey is a blow for david cameron who has promised eu referendum .
but ryanair staff at stansted refuse to accept the photocard as id .
then went to new york and assassinated two nypd officers .
mr swanson said he will return to the exact spot the attack happened .'
she was taken to hospital with the blade still embedded in her shoulder .'
on sunday afternoon she began showing signs of discomfort despite being on medication , and an endoscopy revealed the calf was battling an incurable stomach infection .
 rebecca howarth replaced bishop of manchester in a medieval ceremony .
 the men were killed when a cable from their tugboat to the ferry snapped .
 jay wilds was star witness for the prosecution in the murder trial of adnan syed in 2000 .
took place in an area of the city plagued by gang violence .
kemp 's ridleys are critically endangered and number just a few thousand .
five officers fired at the man - no officers were injured .
it now emerges she 's the star of a new show ` to be screened on channel 4 '
 fiat chrysler automobiles -lrb- fca -rrb- plans to spin-off ferrari and sell a 10 per cent stake in the luxury car maker on the stock market .
 karen robinson , of washington d.c. , was told her son raymond had been shot dead in a police shootout .
21-year-old suffered fractured pelvis , fractured vertebra and broke sternum .
fans include the duchess of cambridge and claudia schiffer .
leader can be seen making pre-flight checks and reading a flight manual .
they whipped him and hit him with a frying pan until he died .
she had been working for airasia as a trainee stewardess since last year .
doctors say he was lucky to survive as he had severed nerves and veins .
he claims he is in cancun , mexico .'
 police detained woman from haringey , north london , at luton airport .
 zoe herman was shocked to learn her hedgehog could not fly in the cabin .
 pies baked by family firm malcolm allan in larbert , stirlingshire , scotland .
pilots spent half an hour deflating balloon and then removed it on tuesday .
she had been appointed to lead inquiry into allegations of a cover-up .
 captain iriyanto was piloting airasia flight qz8501 when it crashed .
he paid # 5,600 to take part and defended it as a humane method of killing .'
letter dated december 21 asked him to attend benefits medical check-up .
 kathleen danby , 72 , was jailed for hugging her vulnerable granddaughter .
 new year 's festival turns into a three-hour riot in new zealand .
 mark taylor , known as abu abdul-rahman deleted 45 tweets from syria .
cabin , recently voted most luxurious in the world , costs $ 23,000 to travel in .
comes after tony blair claimed that the labour party is headed for defeat .
post olympics 2012 boost said to have stimulated london tourism .
she was born with a cataract and might develop a lazy eye .
more than 20 fire fighters battled for an hour to get the blaze under control .
 jason godfrey was travelling in the philippines when he stopped at station .
 parents against child sexual exploitation insists problem is nationwide .
says his little sister kelly was the only person he could be himself around .
soaring sales of british-produced sparkling wine as consumers favour it .
guests in the residence are pampered by the world 's first in-flight butler .
police believe the order was fake and it was a premeditated robbery .
` it was brilliant '
the woman did not give birth on the plane and is now currently receiving care .'
the 45-year-old then fled in his car and was chased briefly by police .
 cybersecurity experts think sony hack was inside job .
police said the child 's body had been there for several days .
orduno built a makeshift cave out of pieces of his snowmobile to keep warm .
 surf instructor dean parker , 49 , has joined the famous lions of rojava .
kept there for a year with food and water but was otherwise uncared for .
it was brought under tow to be taken to italy 's southern calabrian region .
the men are of indian appearance and may be tourists .
they also wait longer for life-saving treatment and for ambulances .
 arteval duarte performed the stunt in the state of para in northern brazil .
documentary claims she lost her mind due to a drug addiction .
 imogen kelly , four , has cerebal palsy and was unable to walk unaided .
 eu figures show home ownership levels are at their lowest since 1988 .
 adrian simon , 18 , was struck by a train after falling asleep on a railway line .
angry crowd attacked paramedics and police who were first on the scene .
slade could face extradition over probe launched by detectives in bristol .
 the man from maryland offered to pay for the funerals of marie gemmell , her three-year-old and one-month-old sons .
 colin firth filmed graphic , violent gun battle scenes for his latest movie .
 ed sheeran topped the chart with his album x which sold 1.7 million copies .
the city has been repeatedly criticized for its use of deadly force .
 john mann said child sex abuse allegations could be in tens of thousands .
one of mr abbott 's cycling friends rejected the idea .
meeting minutes reveal he said racism is ` one thing able to bury the party ' .
the vice president was seen whispering in dilma rousseff 's ear and laughing raucously after she was sworn-in for second term .
all four children who live in robinson 's house have been played in protective custody .
she joined princes frederik and joachim and their wives mary and marie .
 lystra adams was teased for years about her height by classmates .
they are believed to be held by al qaeda affiliated group jabhat al nusra .
the subway employee claims she was shoved to the ground and choked by her attacker .
but two gunships carrying would-be-rescuers were forced to abort mission .
claims his brother is ` sitting on ' money from their parents estate .
last year she sold his possessions on ebay and sprayed ` cheat ' on his car .
 iga jasica , 19 , was midway through surgery to remove cancer from brain .
she may still lose her fingertips after suffering hypothermia .
the most cheerful nations were in africa and south america .
after examining the records , a doctor has diagnosed multiple sclerosis .
egyptian officials warned she could be arrested for criticising government .
white pride radio web address automatically redirects to kkkradio .
it broadcasts shows such as ` the white side ' and ` this is the klan ' .
 ohio teen cheyanne willis says her then boyfriend drove to a parking lot where she was ambushed by six women .
mikey passed out in the waiting room and was pronounced dead .'
 both katie price and aisleyne horgan-wallace slammed other women in their partners ' lives .
also photoshopped pictures of nelson mandela and singer bob marley .
mattson told police it was consensual , nephew then lunged at him .
but you have not been helpful . '
 giant panda pictured holding a bamboo stick as if she was playing a flute .
in opposition , cameron promised to cut net migration to tens of thousands .
but the report finds ` generation y ' are more likely to start up a business .
 president cristina fernandez has a pet toy poodle call lolita .
she is said to have murdered child out of jealousy of her filipino nanny .
mother-to-be is first pictured showing her slim figure .
the mother has been given treatment to get her first full head of hair .
faa received a distress call at 5.55 pm from a private plane flying from key west , florida , to mt vernon , illinois .
 mahmoud hussein was walking to chemists near his home in birmingham .
 sam the british bulldog was a hit when he turned up to a demonstration .
 radio 1 's chart show with jameela jamil attracts 1.3 million listeners .
they claim he then made failed suicide attempt before turning himself in .
he says he has no regrets about his surgeries .'
it has become sony 's highest-grossing online release .
these devices trick phones into connecting to them , before accessing data .
he was left unable to walk unaided and had to give up his job .
comedian 's followers rushed to retweet ryanair 's gaffe .
but the maltese team say they ` have no problem ' with evans ' conviction .
he was allegedly was hit by brother barry lyttle in sydney 's kings cross .
he envisions a future where tesla 's cars park and charge themselves .
 figures show 30million viewers tuned into new year tv in 2014 .
he never recovered from being shot in the head during the 1981 reagan assassination attempt .
 asylum seekers from syria were unhappy with accommodation offered .
mr barker says he ` betrayed his trust ' and has been left ` heartbroken ' .
but as she did , it jumped in her door and attacked her daughter tilly .
fossil comes from the earliest horned dinosaur found on the continent .
 san francisco-based firm 's name stands for impact reduction apparel .
the art of self portraiture course will cost you # 132 -lrb- # 106 for seniors -rrb- .
budding photographers will be taught about flattering angles and lighting .
they found two men and a woman dead inside the house ; the man 's daughter was found alive and underwent surgery but she later died .
staff cleared an aisle and a doctor on board helped out .
 the cyclist , believed to be named anthony , was on a freeway travelling 50km an hour .
they converted the old tower in 1980 and it now boasts four bedrooms .
each room is ` like a jewel ' and reflects the couple 's love of the far east .
in just a few days the photograph gained over 400,000 likes on facebook .
pleaded not guilty but sentenced to life in prison in 2011 .
fatah central committee disavowed social media image .
tour guide lured her to a remote buddhist shrine in eastern india .
he and four other men ` repeatedly raped her for more than a month ' .
the uruguay international sported a short haircut against swansea city .
 monica ramirez , 25 , was killed on new year 's eve in houston , texas .
she collided with anton aleksandrov , 24 , and was thrown from the car .
her mother however succumbed to her injuries just hours later .
the two dogs then burst through a hole in a fence and targeted him .
while at an alaska motel , officers recognized car and went to investigate .
syphilis cases have increased by nine per cent between 2012 and 2013 .
the oklahoma city homeowner then gave him tinned food from his porch .
she drove them four miles away to her apartment complex .
while at his training camp , federer was joined by some famous faces .
but officials in placer county said the kitchen and bedroom have to go .'
minor scuffle breaks out before one of the men appears to push the officer .
 police thought gunman had bomb in backpack on his back in cafe siege .
he held 18 people , including tori johnson and katrina dawson , hostage .
mr johnson and ms dawson died after the siege ended , along with monis .
mr mackenzie , who has a 50,000-acre estate said ` they are out of control ' .
the royal estate has been ticked off by trading standards officers .
 downton abbey star , 24 , was filing at pinewood studios .
 allan edwards , pastor of kiski valley presbyterian church , first noticed he was attracted to men in the mid-90s but does n't consider himself gay .
the children are no longer in the care of the police or social services .
 sarkas rani , 36 , took charge of blue sky m , intercepted near italy last week .
he decided to hand it to his brother jaan who first thought it was a whale .
but then they realised it was a great white shark when it leapt out of water .
endangered one-horned rhino had been butchered by poachers .
the one-horned rhino is a vulnerable species and is mostly found in india .
conservative road to stronger economy based on image taken in germany .
on the market for # 9.5 million and comes with its own grade ii listed castle on the estate , which features six offices .
armed and in camouflage , the mother aisha group patrol the streets .
 tim mckeague , 29 , was uninjured after being struck by a car in perth .
to the shock of other guests , brand added : ` he was a snidey c *** ' .
 seizures of meth along the us-mexico border soared in the last year .
but others have been less fortunate after public 's attention dwindled .
pair had stopped driver of mercedes e350 on the a461 at tipton , sandwell .
 tourists have been seen in carts with wheels and sledges with sticks on frozen kunming lake in beijing in china .
the rules , to be launched in weeks , will ban dangerous drivers for longer .
 townsville grandmother ruth dodd was living in fear of her own family before tragically being stabbed to death .
so officers cut supply in 1989 - prompting desperate letter to douglas hurd .
 kayla montgomery , 18 , was diagnosed with ms at 14 .
 netflix is set to officially launch in australia in march .
all four men are believed to have taken pills from rogue batch of ecstasy .'
minister admits it does not include convictions in their home country .
mother veronica , an air force serviceman , said girls are very different .
the party of 24 spent just over three hours in the pub in december .
the pub limits customers to three hours of parking without charges .
she lived independently before but is now confined to a nursing home .'
 comet lovejoy first spotted in august by an amateur astronomer and is currently shooting northwards past earth .
some families have paid up to # 5,000 for alternative flights in desperation .
 roy bonney drove from virginia to d.c. - but ended up being bill $ 3,374 .
work is part of a $ 45 million transport overhaul in the harbour city .
 the real housewives of new jersey star is serving a 15-month sentence .
mr johnson and ms dawson died after the siege ended , along with monis .'
the dark green sedan reversedinto an atm then drove out of the complex .
all three are critically wounded , police believe a man took the child .'
picks up his girlfriend before speeding off from parquesur shopping mall .
 ched evans convicted of rape in 2012 and released from prison in october .
 tanis bhandari was killed after being attacked with an axe outside a pub .
low prices are somewhat in line with that of streaming giant netflix .
 firms all plan tv sets running google 's lollipop android software .
asked for people to come forward to ` shed a little light on the mystery '
it is not yet known if the royal couple will meet chancellor merkel .
it comes as met office confirmed 2014 was the warmest year in uk on record , with average temperatures of 9.9 c .
 sandeep rani married his wife khushboo against her parent 's wishes .
 fresh food supplies coming into calais are being threatened by migrants .
it was stolen on december 20 from spring branch , texas .
 image of actress dame maggie smith has been made as a cake .
air force is supposed to have 10 pilots per four drones - is running on 8 .
boston police officer of 16 years attacked him then drove off with his car .
 photographer martin rietze captured the fascinating scene at the volatile sinabung volcano in north sumatra .
doctors declared pregnancy was non-viable and advised she have abortion .
but jett 's parents defied doctors ' advice and jett was born at 25 weeks .
police launched a major hunt and called in a helicopter to help search .
claims to plump skin by encouraging collagen production .
the mayor of wissous offered one saying it was ' a question of humanity ' .
ashton is in a relationship with actress mila kunis .
 lee , a father-of-five from grimsby , says tattoos have ruined his life .
prosecutors could later charge him and he has left jail on $ 600 bond .'
says she loves the beauty of natural foods and how each ingredient has its own back story .
 fatwas issued to stop malaysian muslims from adopting western ideals .
could pave the way for a raft of new treatments to combat illnesses .'
egyptian officials warned she could be arrested for criticizing government .
only one of the four voice judges - ricky wilson - knew who bungle was .
substance has been linked to four deaths in the same area by police .
italian designer scervino praised her for being ` close to her family '
 british actor named most stylish by magazine 's panel of experts .
eddie , 32 , has made sharp suits his signature look .
he has hitched rides on boats and travelled across us on a motorbike .
added that sony vowed to champion freedom of expression .
says road and rail maintenance during events and holidays costs economy .
 adam kirby potty-trained himself at one - after reading a book about it .
 andy burnham said the implications for the nhs were ` very serious ' .
 multiple endings have been filmed for broadchurch series two .
the two-and-a-half-year-old cat has not been spotted since last monday .
 angharad lloyd-thomas , now 22 , suffered a large stroke two years ago .
firefighters repaid his touching gesture with a visit and a gift of their own .
 guillermo brambila lopez , 24 , was found naked in stranger 's laundry room .
barron , who is donald 's fifth child , is rarely seen out at events with his famous father .
 thousands of iinet customers have been left without internet .
had changed into fresh pair of trousers when he next took to the field .
the musician was playing tunes on a guitar and chatting to residents .
rudd is charged with threatening to kill a man and drug-related offences .
fabio borini 's move could be complicated by pre-season shoulder injury .
police found 11,000 stolen beauty and skincare products in their home .
they were jailed for four years at portsmouth crown court .'
west ham face hull city at the kc stadium on monday night .'
al-qaeda leader ayman al-zawahiri said group represented him in syria .
monis claimed he was an iranian spy who wrote anti-regime iranian poetry .
negotiations between israel and hamas are taking place in egypt .
 floyd mayweather has posted a photo flaunting off his car collection .
this was for the melbourne-based photographer 's final assignment for her photography course .
the 25-year-old described the landscape as ` desolate , eerie and beautiful ' .
dianne abbott said mr murphy wanted to ` expropriate ' money from capital .
3drudder can be ordered from indiegogo and prices start at $ 130 -lrb- # 85 -rrb- .'
doctors have no idea why the fitness instructor suddenly conceived .
miss raouna , a plus-size model , is demanding apology for ` cruel ' message .
matthew boyd , 32 , has been charged with murder , gbh and abh .
 la familia michoacana accused of carrying out disgusting initiations .
 documentary examined lives of some of 100,000 russians in capital .
but lawyers said patch belongs to lord home , son of alec douglas-home .
 stephie the goat is the newest internet goat sensation .
she devours the tasty boxing day treat .
came about after family portrait shoots spiralled out of control .'
i used you .
 sherri tenpenny is a osteopath who believes in not vaccinating children .
despite this , the stunt continues and he is then hit in the head with a knife .
 incident sparks fresh debate about animal rights and cruelty in colombia .
but the teenager was then struck herself by a car driven by naseeb ellahi .
 greater london authority says 8,615,246 th inhabitant will be born in 2015 .
insisted english was an easy language and non-speakers miss out .
this comes not long after she was pictured riding a baby elephant .
they claim zahra distributed drug to his fighters to give them ` courage ' .
 kyle craven , 25 , posed for purposefully ridiculous yearbook photo aged 16 .
this is a region in which temperatures allow presence of liquid water .
a 45-year-old man and six children , aged 4 to 13 , were all injured .
 woman fell onto tracks before oncoming train at birmingham new street .
 the mansion was built by tv moguls doug and melanie johnson in 1997 after they moved to houston , texas .
 spacex has had to cancel their latest rocket launch after a fault .
spacex said an ` actuator drift issue ' meant launch had to be aborted .
police said he was dragged out of property and attacked in front garden .
driver has been suspended following incident at 8pm on new year 's day .
council worker johnson akinmoyede asked him to keep his voice down .
he arrested vasquez and pushed him down on the hood of the car .
12 monkeys will be first tv show to have a ` light track ' for $ 60 bulbs .
this honour prompted a furious reaction as he 's accused of homophobia .
sparks has penned 17 romantic novels , including nine that have been made into films , such as the notebook and a walk to remember .
lights turned off around cologne cathedral , the brandenburg gate , and berlin 's tv tower in opposition to rallies .
he tried to obtain $ 50,000 from lawyers for epstein 's book .
area has an alcohol-related death rate of 24.5 deaths per 100,000 adults , more than double that of london .
captioned ` time to get started ' it shows him ready to tackle some cleaning .
 mom and dad from fayetteville , north carolina , saw footage of break-in .
realized their own sons were suspects in electronics store burglary .
 the spanish royals attended an epiphany parade in madrid .
el dia de los reyes -lrb- the day of the kings -rrb- is as important as christmas .
smartphones , tablets and smartwatches can operate lock .
media personality hopkins is known in the uk for her controversial views .
driver has been suspended following incident at 8pm on new year 's day .
owners opting to part with the vehicle after a dispute with the local council .
had last meal of a $ 1.95 egg sandwich at a local diner before entering .
worked for 28 years in local government before his eyesight stopped him .
 personality change or criminal activity could be signs of dementia .
gales are forecast as the uk is expected to see unseasonably warm temperatures , double the normal average .
mourinho will be hoping for more of the same after a routine win at burnley on monday .
 colin chisholm iii collected $ 167million worth of welfare while on a yacht .
small animals such as ants are counted by their colonies , not individually .'
 jason and ian fitzgibbon currently serving 30 years behind bars .
 just like paddington bear , two-year-old kai was found at ayr station .
both suspects fled in a carjacked vehicle that they later dumped .
 sean stone is making film about mystic poet in iran .
tereza lackova and marek holub , 27 , were today charged with murder .'
u.s. demanded russia extradites him immediately but putin refused .
magistrates gave the homeless man , 59 , an absolute discharge .
 video shows ` cop ' riding the front of the car and falling off into the road .
united entertain west ham at home on saturday in the premier league .
making poached eggs and bacon when discovered four double-yolkers .
 lisa payton was eight months pregnant and hosting party for four-year-old .
bronson , real name michael peterson , first jailed for armed robbery in 1974 .
 john richard balmer wore a t-shirt which claimed he carrying drugs .
they found that certain aspects of western and pygmy tunes make people from different cultures feel similarly calm or excited .
 jeremy was suffering second degree , partial thickness burns to all his paws .
with gait trainer under dress , she walked 69ft to groom , rob martin-dietrich .
that sparked a frantic attempt to tow the ship , still listing heavily , to a more stable position in the solent .'
size 10 model created plus-size range for simply be last year .
ms bartlett explained in an interview that her daughter has been acting out since pre-school because her father had left .
he is now preparing to declare himself bankrupt to clear thousands .
grandfather-of-three was dining with his wife of 58 years , helen , at the time .
a video from nasa 's terry virts shows the effect that occurs when the moon begins to dip below the horizon .
 sufi muslims show devotion to saints unlike other branches of the religion .
are appealing for donations to make their big day dreams a reality .
 ` monster hunter ' bill brock is impressed by footage of bigfoot in maine .
ex deputy party chair said results in marginals will matter ` more than ever ' .
 there were 13 on board skydiving plane when it lost power at 1300 metres .
one person was treated for scratches after landing in a bush .'
he said all alcoholic beverages should carry warnings for pregnant women .
business secretary replaced by treasury minister danny alexander .
it comes after slide.melbourne announced it would do the same this month .
chain blames a price war between supermarkets in britain for slump .
 alexander mullings arranged operation from wandsworth prison , court told .
champions league return has helped attract players to anfield .
 researchers collected water from pools in indiana and georgia .
but it also reacts with pharmaceuticals to create harmful by-products .
roxy music star has thanked fire and ambulance crews which helped .
 online commenters call it ' a violation of the islamic teachings ' on animals .
 almost all flights from west country airport found to leave on time .
 owners were shocked when their pet kitten began swimming .
she rented a beach house for her teen son and his friends -- the victim included -- and performed oral sex on the minor at least twice .
the pensioner developed pneumonia from which she died a week later .
 the bizarre nazi themed camp was based at a disused hampshire hospital .
ex-girlfriend mjadzelics , 39 , is now on trial for possessing indecent images .
the pair met on paddy mcguiness 's itv dating show take me out .
as many as 200 fellow teenagers attended the event .
the 27-year-old is in glasgow for the 2014 commonwealth games .
designer is selling bearded year 2015 calendar online for # 40 .'
 the property was damaged in an arson attack on monday .
jury selection for the trial is expected to begin friday .
she attacked and threatened to kill him in their holiday home in whitby .
10 police cars and riot officers gathered outside flat in clackmannanshire .
their house in the adelaide hills was destroyed in minutes .
public health wales said all precautions are being taken with full protective equipment being used by all staff treating the patient .
she now reveals she suspects her fans may be getting tired of her tears .
the family , from detroit , michigan , share their home with 30 reptiles .'
 the nhs in north wales has recruited more than 70 nurses from spain .
health chiefs said they are working with universities to train more nurses .
but completing a degree and experience takes up to three years .'
inflammation is associated with chronic diseases such as type 2 diabetes .
former wife jemima goldsmith tweets congratulations to former cricketer .
their arrests were met with more protests outside an athens court today .
the gator came out of the lake and grabbed her on tuesday night .
the measure will also be used during the pope 's visit on january 15 .
mp and her husband jack dromey claim group was ` defeated ' before then .
 cheap property prices in scotland mean even sprawling mansions would not be hit by labour 's planned charge .
she claims the images that she possessed were to bring watkins to justice .
mjadzelics denies all charges and trial at cardiff crown court continues .
the measure also faces a rocky road in the senate where at least 10 democratic senators have already voiced strong opposition .
average age of single travellers is 54 as they are more ` independent ' .
other unproven methods such as acupuncture are available for staff .
if she gets too hot and sweaty they are affected and she goes into shock .
rumors soon circulated of an involvement with matt lauer and bobby flay .
 chancellor planning to run # 23bn surplus in 2018/19 after clearing deficit .
anthony morales , hensley 's alleged attacker , faces a felony assault charge .
help ! '
the girl was saw him a ` number of times ' and told her grandmother .
says it 's the perfect prep for weekend challenges like tough mudder .
kingsman : the secret service will be first movie shown at location .
the black box , which will reveal why the crash happened , is in the jet 's tail .
tuppence has only one eye and half a tail after being run over 25 time .'
 80-year-old was stuck in a bush after losing her footing in cheltenham .
a recovery of the tail , where the box is located , is currently underway .
it comes after they were offered $ us24 ,000 , with some declining the offer .
the band handed both pieces in at a nearby police station .
afterwards , she discovered the dentist had removed all her upper teeth .
art project is designed to explore ` the mysteries of visual perception ' .
coroner hears ambulance staff had failed to treat case as an emergency .
it is on display at the consumer electronics show in las vegas .
singer claims he works out five times a week for 45 minutes each time .
she died six days later from pneumonia and daughter is now blaming nhs .
 officers in ticknall clocked 22,114 out of 118,107 breaking 30mph limit .
the 17-week-old dog was taken to the triangle veterinary referral hospital .
but when he arrived in england he realised trains to station were cancelled .
 researchers in germany and the us studied the structure of tooth enamal .
he lived on a diet of takeaways and junk food and did no exercise at all .
 colorado hotel hosting public competition to design 61 , 500 sq ft maze .
maze to be unveiled in april 2015 , winner to have placard placed in centre .'
on monday they looked happy together at the bachelor premiere in la .
while hongshan was believed to be a remote culture in north of the country .
 long queue of ambulances outside north wales hospital this week .
but on landing at norwich airport he was arrested for flying over the limit .
he has been charged with first-degree murder and assaulting police officer .
mr hsieh admitted that he avoided dehydration by drinking his own urine .
 opened last year , the rock restaurant seats 45 diners at a time .
 jeannette bougrab , 41 , begged stephane charbonnier to leave france .
he quickly jumps out but dives back in a second time .
in the uk , only two carriers made the top 20 : easyjet and monarch airlines .
 jacob knauf , two , was found shaking , alone , in palm springs apartment .
sheriff ward is referring to the incident as a ` prank '
 jaycee chan , 32 , sentenced to jail after police find marijuana at his home .
currie and now-husband aaron woodard , 33 , plan to have children .
nicole scherzinger attended the unveiling of the show for the poole-based company sunseeker .
authorities investigated after relatives took the girl , who was covered in feces and weighed the same as a five-year-old , to hospital .
both boys are believed to be autistic .
a car crashed through a fence into her western sydney backyard .
otak stabbed kimberley , 17 , 15 times and spat on her body .
in tribute to victims of massacre said they will ` write it with our tears ' .
former editor said ` we have laughed so much .
mobile page views rose 12 % , with android users viewing the most videos .
 eight per cent of people have stolen from hotels , claim travel24.com .
 nicholas stewart , 35 , was caught selling fake bottles of jack daniel 's whisky and smirnoff vodka for # 10 each .
 david caquais was a 43-year-old father-of-three who jumped to his death in manhattan on january 2 .
the hollywood beauty shouted at striker peter osgood from the touchline .
netflix spokesperson told daily mail australia that details of australian launch have yet to be announced .
he slumps over as he is hit in the raid where at least two officers were hurt .
the militant had reportedly been threatening to kill his captives .
at least four of those taken hostage were killed in the confrontation .
 aaron amundson was suspended for a week without pay .
 george osborne reveals cash has been handed over ` in the last few weeks ' .
some passengers have taken to twitter , claiming it was a bomb threat .
he did n't submit a statement to police after crashing his car .
suspected of being the getaway driver in the charlie hebdo massacre .
salon is part of the depilex smile again foundation .
she said she looked ` ridiculous ' as she had size 8 legs but size 18 stomach .
operator claims it transformed ` basket case ' hinchingbrooke hospital .
ibrahim is currently in st vincent 's hospital but is sitting up .
 chevelle rusheen nesbeth flew from montego bay , was inspected at jfk .
they raided other homes in leppington , condell park and punchbowl .
bosses at greater manchester police met within hours of the massacre .
he has been charged with first-degree murder and assaulting police officer .
looking for backing from gop , conservative and independence parties .
 jasvir and sonia singh kidnapped the son of a wealthy family for ransom .
they focused on the centres of the flowers , which look dark to bees .
police conducted new raids in sydney 's southwest on friday morning .
 ryan matthews has been given a life order for the murder of sharon wall .
after morrison is seen with his head in his hands in between two officers .'
he has been charged with first-degree murder and assaulting police officer .
father has now been jailed for the abuse .
he contacted the student after seeing her reading on carols from king 's .
claims that cuba 's former leader has died have surfaced before .
court heard how partridge boasted of being a rapist during second attack .
gran of nine from telford , shropshire , could n't remember her address .
the new mother and her long-term boyfriend named their daughter ellen olivia .'
he then waited for it to freeze , before jumping backward onto the surface .
followed diet plans and dropped 13st 1lb in a year .
instead , the surgery was so badly botched , she was left with an infection .
 leslie danso , 39 , kitted out famous clients as proprietor for qumi couture .
a group member then found pictures on facebook and instagram accounts .
 divock origi joined liverpool for # 10m in the summer .
jumped by man who followed him down the street on way to school .
 a dashboard camera has captured three people sticking out a sunroof .
meric surrendered after his semi-automatic handgun ran out of bullets .'
 st george 's chapel of remembrance in biggin hill , kent , faced the axe .
zimmerman was found not guilty of the murder of martin , 17 , in july 2013 .
he enjoyed his job but said : ` you ca n't go against the will of god , can you ? '
he wishes he knew why god did n't want him to do it anymore .
his appeal was rejected last week and release date remains 2040 .'
 two were arrested during a protest by code pink at the mclean , virginia , home .
 jessica devins devised a unique way to tell her husband of her pregnancy .
 maithripala sirisena won sri lanka 's presidential election on thursday .
polish is the most commonly translated language by courts and police .
a us firm makes more than # 10 million a year from the interpreting ` industry ' .
the shadowy object seems to move into the corridor before returning .
armed police respond to reports of gunfire outside a synagogue in paris .
 the hacking group have condemned the paris massacre which killed 12 .
the unnamed boy swears as he is seen hitting mr santavicca .
as the cat contemplated its next move , the mouse made a speedy getaway .
tweeted a very thankful coleman .
the teacher is believed to have got married on may 31 , 2014 .
herald sun columnist rita panahi and o'keefe went head-to-head .
panahi called the burqa ` confronting ' and denied she was ` narrow-minded ' .
she is believed to have fled france for syria and is wanted by authorities .
bust carries quote from the former prime ministers .
police believe the attack may have been gang related .
the incident happened about 8.50 pm on sunday night on bowral road .
wants regular monitoring of adults ' weights and children weighed annually .
homicide detectives have taken over the investigation of missing toddler .
was enraged by questions and told officer to leave him to ` my business ' .
 joanne smith stopped for petrol at service station in cosham in hampshire .
 esther the wonder pig is an internet celebrity with 230,000 facebook fans .
zimmerman was found not guilty of the murder of martin , 17 , in july 2013 .
 beyonce shared instagram photo where she had a bump on her stomach .
says prisoners need more vocational and educational training while inside .
his son soren , 2 , forced to play with a musical toy tied to cot with bike lock .
 four cyclists were refused service at a hotel in perth for wearing lycra .
they will split the band 's assets - worth more than # 700,000 - five ways .
the mother had taken her youngest children out of school and moved .
tuskegee airmen , trained in alabama , faced racism during their service .'
 comet lovejoy first spotted in august by an amateur astronomer and is currently shooting northwards past earth .
the culture secretary is britain 's most senior muslim politician .
recruits will have the option of not declaring their sexual preferences .
 billy eddleston , nine , was sent home from school for his ` extreme ' hairstyle .
the trust was set up in 1993 by stephen 's mother baroness lawrence .
has admitted husband kanye is a big influence over her wardrobe .
chalobah once earned place on chelsea 's bench aged 15 .
 hayat boumeddiene was married to supermarket killer amedy coulibaly .
three women were in car and the driver is in critical condition .
mother gemma clay is appealing for thieves to hand themselves in .
 woman kicked out of maryland casino for breastfeeding in the lobby .
but one minister said it was ` lazy ' to say islam had nothing to do with terror .
ting fang was killed when her neck was slashed severely .
 updated gt won instant approval from car enthusiasts when unveiled .
the family celebrated jared 's 34th birthday on saturday , with a cake cooked especially by arabella .
another rhea escaped in 2014 but was shot and turned into sausages .'
 leopard shelters in house after escaping from a compound in assam .
scientists had overlooked the role of aerosols from small eruptions .
 west end play truth , lies , diana is believed to be backed by james hewitt .
he was hit by a government car in a driveway in ripley , queensland .
will be able to carry 130 tonnes into space .'
at proceeds of crime act hearing , court told he has no recoverable assets .
flight picked up another passenger seconds before take-off .
 sharrif wilson was jailed along with another man for three murders .
the milk delivery truck driver was a well known lover of animals .'
virgin media promised mr beaton 's treasured voicemail would be safe .
marlows asked for a full refund but were initially given vouchers .
 driver , 32 , died at the wheel of his audi on old kent road on sunday .
the firm has been accused of copying apple 's designs with its products .
miss miller claims she was repeatedly raped and abused by johnstone .
he speaks to his congregation about a boy named ` ben ' from calgary .
comes after he called for ban on cheap cider sold in three litre bottles .
was discovered snoring on the settee the next morning by homeowner .
pop-up opens from 19 to 21 january in haggerston , east london .
 the uk version of drunk history airs tonight on comedy central at 10pm .
mtv president stephen friedman said the video was a ` call to action ' .
 american astronomer clyde tombaugh discovered the icy world in 1930 .
mr von solms was left to care for the lion cub and it has even slept in his bed and regularly rides in his truck .
decided to travel after becoming ` trapped ' in his life in sheffield .
 pay $ 611,000 for an australian home and you will fork out $ 1 million over the life of your mortgage .
 jahfari martin was knocked off his bike by a car , causing a head injury .
 paula hammond , 42 , jailed for five years over attack on gail lowe , 39 .
she claims he tried to abort their child when she was eight months gone .
alejandro , 61 , did not have a certificate as a drugs counsellor until 2005 .
acclaimed comedian aziz ansari has also ridiculed murdoch 's tweets .
 salt restaurant shiraz in southern iran was inspired by salt caves .
after severing the top , the entire thing came crashing down on him .
eventually she is told the whole thing is a joke .
the us was declared measles free by health officials in 2000 .
he was reunited with his mother in 45 minutes .
 former deputy pm warns the labour party ` could be in better shape ' .
warns against presidential battle between miliband and cameron .
kadleck , 61 , was found dead before sentencing at teesside crown court .
 w.f.
george and his fellow octogenarian now have records for criminal damage .
 great white shark forces lifeguards to shut down all the city 's beaches .
 the first study of its kind has found sleep boosts babies ' memories .
 elder first daughter will turn 16 on july 4 - making her eligible for a learner 's permit to start driving .
it is not thought to be any threat , but it is the first notable flare of 2015 .
loves how far her looks have got her and wants to emulate them .
 a shell struck a bus today , killing 11 civilians and wounding many more .
the country 's largest arabic newspaper , el telegraph , has revealed threats , hacking .
corn snake popped out of his bag full of shopping on kitchen bench .
 business secretary says country must prepare for the unthinkable .
it has now been bought by a local museum for # 150,000 after a decade in private ownership .'
students are increasingly turning to ` sugar daddies ' to pay their fees .
 amanda ford , from coalville , leicestershire , 50 , is now a slim 12st 7lbs .
 yale howarth , 15 , found dead in the garage of his home in north wales .
parents say yale 's school had not told them about investigation .
 87-year-old philadelphia native is the star of web series , sh ** gram says .
the couple kissed and claim they were thrown out of the st levan inn .
law student mr barnett claims landlord said what they did was ` revolting ' .
said he would have told heterosexual couple to leave for french kissing .
sports and youth affairs minister compared homosexuals to alcoholics .
a punter confronted organisers after winning less than # 20 over 11 years .
now stopped boarding flight to tangier in morocco to see unwell relative .  '
 belgian national oliver trusgnach forged his boss 's signature on cheques .
 researchers in california have captured an image of a face on mars .
once inside he converted to islam and changed his last name to ` x ' .
hhs justified 5,100 first and business tickets with ` medical exemptions '
they claimed witnesses were able to sit in court before giving evidence .
on may 24 alone , it received a peak of 4.7 million hits on the site .
researchers used the results to build models to help protect buildings .
prime minister said to have stopped meeting to get him to turn it off .
a-listers such as michael douglas and cate blanchett campaigned for ban .
during the 2008 presidential campaign he had a friend from college to stay .
english-language al-qaeda magazine provided instructions on how to make undetectable bomb .'
 dan diaz , 43 , spoke of late wife 's final hours on the meredith vieira show .
revealed miss maynard suffered ` small seizure ' on november 1 .
other estimates - including for property - are way under the mark .
samuel hukporti got # 14,000 but denies acquiring criminal property charge .
carbon dating is required to determine the antlers ' precise age .
adam lanza , 20 , shot dead 20 first-graders and six teachers in the attack on december 14 , 2012 .'
 former lord mayor anita ward tweeted message of support to paris .
 sigol\xc3\xa8ne vinson , 40 , gave vivid and emotional account of paris massacre .
she also spoke of bizarre marriage between her and amedy coulibaly , 32 .
emma decided to start her own blog , chronicling her battle .
it may not feature a muslim storyline for ` creative reasons ' , network reveals .
attacks on charlie hebdo in paris will not play part in deciding new villain .
 blair government sent over 200 ` comfort letters ' to terrorist suspects .
northern ireland committee investigating the ` on-the-run ' letters scheme .
mr blair warned the government not to meddle with the peace process .
the royal is no stranger to the circus - once ran off with an elephant trainer .
they believed they were meeting with her boyfriend .
odom charged with kidnapping and other crimes ; has denied all counts .
it 's as effective as a thick fleece , trapping 80 % of heat .
he then spent more than an hour under the sun during transfer into city .
 gang of 15 men stormed the book club meeting at a newcastle bar .
edl members had been wrongly tipped-off that comedian would be there .
women will be allowed to worship alongside men at mosque .
after asking pakistani worker for directions , he followed her into elevator .
passengers were unharmed but car was dented and windscreen cracked .
the 19yo has an underlying factor v leiden blood disorder .
 former prime minister joins the battle to keep scotland in the uk .
cocaine has consistently been the most searched for drug since 2001 = 4 .
there are ` pressing medical concerns ' over his physical and mental health .
she said the corporation tried to paint her as ` mad ' when she objected .
polanski has previously said he will cooperate with polish authorities .
she said : ` no evidence you groomed her .
paddington and king 's cross were to reopen on december 27 after works .
was kept in hospital for most of the holiday , and was off work on return .
 the nascar star was in court to respond to patricia driscoll 's request for no-contact order over alleged assault .
in fact , she was returning from a concert hall with four friends .
google expected to supply its technology to car makers .
she always wanted to be a journalist and dream job is as a travel writer .
average child of her age should weigh 19lb -lrb- 8.5 kg -rrb- , experts said .
 christopher lee cornell , also known as raheel mahrus ubaydah , charged with attempting to kill a government official .
 carnitas topping has been withdrawn from a third of us chipotle stores .
search engine says mosley 's case is unsustainable .
 in a recent interview , jennifer aniston spoke of a ex-boyfriend who was ` the one ' but who died of brain cancer .
the alleged incident happened in adelaide 's cbd on september 18 , 2010 .
 sun bin , 28 , was kidnapped in chengdu in 1991 , when he was four .
estate agents lyme coast holidays hope it will fetch # 275,000 .
couple were ` angry and embarrassed ' and were offered # 20 compensation .
the siblings created the lines from the subway station map .
 poppi worthington was 13 months old when she died in december 2012 .
a seven-minute inquest in october found her death to be unexplained .
she wrote .
sirul azhar umar had his acquittal over the murder of a model reversed .
extradition a problem for tony abbott as australia ` opposes death penalty '
ms smyth said she buried her partner of nine years in his wedding suit .
later david cameron announced he was on a pre-christmas diet .
it is described as a ` mind gym ' for people who are overly stressed .
police made arrest after plane had landed as saskatoon from toronto .
 dutch royal family recently returned from a christmas break in argentina .
 susan woods was having a coffee with her sister in her mansfield home .
users advised to update their android aoftware .'
craig lowther was letting his dog out when he saw the flashing light .
the 43-year-old captured it on his video camera as it hovered in night sky .
first breakthrough made this week after police arrested bryan miller , 42 .
investigators say he was linked to the case through dna evidence .
saw officer franklin foulks collapse while doing his paperwork .
victims ` were kidnapped and killed on orders of former mayor 's wife ' .
 indonesian military has located the fuselage , main body , of airasia jet .
but proposal was rejected as village boundary line cuts through his lot .
 a new generation of speed cameras being introduced on the m25 in kent .
the environmental activist will live in the 50sq foot box for the next year .
the men use no climbing aids - but are attached by ropes in case they fall .'
 a record number of french jews expected to emigrate to israel in 2015 .
 kathy brant 's ex-husband brad murdered lindsay , 4 , in a vicious attack .
claims male staff are watching inmates in situations such as when naked .
 tulisa contostavlos , 26 , attempted to overturn conviction for assault .
army stationed in more than 80 countries including germany and cyprus .'
 dozens of officials swept on bade otel chain in istanbul on january 5 .
while waiting for kidney op , decided to make 3d model of kidney and stone .
mrs husen said she was banned from attending prayer and felt picked on .
also say overseas universities offer more contact time with lecturers .
 a 22-year-old man was charged with the manslaughter on thursday .
 tv host jo coburn will host two public consultation events in brent .
 woman believed to have recently been abroad has been placed in isolation .
she fell ill with the virus after returning from sierra leone after christmas .
` bear-like ' creature was on camera for just seconds before disappearing .
creature was spotted in the adygeya republic in south-western russia .
recon jet are sports glasses with a heads-up display that shows metrics .
she was caught after she used a charity cheque to pay for her kitchen .
 wifi-enabled sign next to roadworks had message changed after hack .
giant pig featured symbols of organisations and .
 disease out of control in the east and south east of england .
but he was stopped by customs officials who found her in one of his bags .
 travel will still go as planned , despite sale of the luxury tour company .
 the silverdale , washington mother was caring for the dogs for an ex-boyfriend .
the unnamed woman was saved by a man who jumped in to get her .
 elizabeth kenneally from phoenixville , pennsylvania , left home in october .
she resurfaced when cctv allegedly captured her robbing a bank .
cyclist is knocked over and after the van driver emerges , a fight occurs .
police have urged the cyclist to make contact so it can be investigated .
tindall is married to the queen 's granddaughter zara phillips , 33 .
respondents with eyes closed correctly answered 71 per cent of questions .
steadman - who had more than 90 previous convictions - is jailed today .
tributes were drawn on casket of bernard ` tignous ' verlhac .
eight babies among 21 who died on rickety boat from morocco to spain .
the baby 's father is of samoan background and may have been unaware of the woman 's pregnancy .
he is now serving 30 years in prison , and after his sentence will be deported to morocco .'
the child died after spending a week in hospital with burns and bruising .
` we just wish she 'd let us in a little bit , ' paula van oppen said .
 rui li , 44 , was found dead in the boot of a fiat punto on may 30 last year .
 nicky morgan says parents must ` grapple ' with limiting gadget time .
has gone from being constantly breathless to climbing mount snowdon .'
when approached by cops , they respond nervously and look away .
he is suffering from a recurring urinary tract infection .
taxpayers alliance said a tougher line was needed to stamp out fraud .
 a woman has been pictured swimming in croc-infested waters .
australian bali nine members andrew chan and myuran sukumaran will be executed together once their bid for clemency is officially rejected .
 luxury jet company offers guest the chance to mingle with a-list .
they were then posted online , prompting a phone call from her boss .
 16 flights were sat on midway airport tarmac for more than 3 hours each .
 robert duvall is the oldest nominee this year at age 84 for the judge .
they were seen chewing with their mouths open and scattering crumbs .
scientists think powerful people are more impulsive .'
he alleges google uk and google inc breached the data protection act .
legally blind , he did n't realize the microwave had set it alight .
 previously , mexicans had to go home to get birth certificate for applications .
it comes amid republican attempts to overturn obama 's immigration order .
 amanda moss , from liverpool , shares bed with six - and two-year-old .
now a video has emerged of the brooklyn teacher kissing the same girl .'
any such incident would result in a massive and ` catastrophic ' loss of life .
his wife says saudi king referred his case to supreme court before first one .
patel insisted she did not receive a penny but admitted misconduct .
tory tim loughton : ` it seems a step backwards from achieving tolerance '
he was prime minister of britain from 1940 to 1945 and from 1951-1955 .
strip club set is available to pre-order for $ 275 .'
she diverted # 1.3 m of clients ' money into her own account over five years .
they found that cat people were more creative , adventurous and anxious .
 kevin pietersen is currently playing cricket for melbourne stars in australia .
the restaurant was launched in 2012 in shinjuku , with reports it cost some $ 10 million to construct .
judge tells teenager he will spend at least 15 years behind bars .
mr emmett and friend mr williams had walked a drunk doughton home .
as the first australian , sheridan was excited and honoured to be chosen .
 fighter - named as abu sa'ad al-d\xc4\x81ghist\xc4\x81ni - thought to be killed in kobane .
the 23-year-old student is spotted with sydney terrorist mohamed elomar .
she had been celebrating her 21st with family at the crown , south london .
 sarah jane maher was devastated after her friend died in a car crash .
shopper , 24 , suffered serious injuries after being attacked in the aisles .
they convince victims on the phone that a loved one has been abducted .
home owner found her crawling on elbows after all paws were burned .
 legal dispute centred on drainage ditch and path between two properties .
it can detect if the food is fresh , should be refrigerated , or has gone off .
hugh hefner and fiance crystal come out to support kendra wilkinson .'
survival time depends on the surface , and the room temperature .
tumour measured 21 inches in diameter - similar to the size of a watermelon .
woman , identified only as latha , is recovering at home after her ordeal .'
capital one cup quarter-final to kick off at 7.45 pm .'
priced between # 40 - # 44 and named after cocktails .
officers also carrying conventional firearms and wearing stab vests .
the duchess of cambridge was visiting foster carers in north london .
the resort was built in the 1980s and constrcuted on site of rubbish dump .
former children 's home manager accused of string of sex offences .
mcilroy said afterwards : ` obviously the beers are on me tonight ' .
the clip has been applauded by numerous international media outlets .
 rachel ellis was told her unborn twins were suffering a rare condition .
 five times british pm david cameron referred to it a ` poisonous ' ideology .
travis and shanna - who were married from 2004 to 2008 - have two children together .
 jamie guerra made a wager with the sacramento kings ' nik staukas .
 alex malarkey said he visited heaven and met jesus while in a coma for two months at age six following a car crash in 2004 .
 actress made waves in an unflattering nude jumpsuit on the tonight show .
 roxanne rimer , 27 , allegedly stole a police car , despite being handcuffed .
chism has deined raping and murdering the 24-year-old teacher .
last week florida became the 36th state to allow gays and lesbians to marry .'
her skin is so fragile that the lightest touch can cause blisters and cuts .
village was ruled the most sought-after community in britain by savills .
local media warned swimmers to avoid ` wives tales ' to treat stings .
he had been suffering from a recurring urinary tract infection .
 sheepskin specialists nursey and son is closing tomorrow after 169 years .
it employed 80 staff in the 1970s , but recently there have been just seven .
ashley says it demonstrates a strong bond between her and her child .'
the general spewed vitriol at him throughout the meal , he said .
autopsy unclear if choking or an alcohol-and-pills overdose killed her .
but when the girl bit into the pastry she found a rubber glove inside .
the student hit a 44-year-old pedestrian and both were rushed to hospital .
 aer lingus tweeted a photo of the plane to its 89,000 followers on twitter .
mack , who is due to give birth in march , faces a firing-squad execution if she is found guilty .
 abby pell , 33 , posted a picture of her abs on instagram to inspire others .
he was last seen leaving the love shack nightclub in the city centre .
designed to curb embarrassing behaviour by chinese while travelling .
 isis murdered 17 civilians after the terror group suffered several losses .
but gay rights campaigners said the move would amount to segregation .
but the star reports the man was arrested after authorities were aware of his terror activities .'
 motorists on the m42 around birmingham are hit by highest petrol prices .
 obama hails cameron as a ` great friend ' after talks in the oval office .
a ` great acceleration ' of human activity has also changed its rocks and soil .
daily mail writer , charlotte kemp , tested ten of the best .
also had to try laughter yoga and volunteer for a police identity parade .'
 amy benton and matthew marino say their son luca was left with cerebral palsy , hearing problems and other disabilities after the botched birth .
ms ozchelik was held overnight in a central london police station .
 the four-year-old boy was filmed copying bruce lee 's nunchuck technique .
told her 861,000 twitter followers she is looking ` like an ultimo model ' .
chevy was a romantic comedy lead actor in the seventies and eighties .
mrs beghal lives in leicester , does not work , and lives on benefits .
the meningitis-related illness seems like a flu but can be near-fatal .
but they insist they do not get enough state handouts to fund lifestyles .
 greta ramelli , 20 , and vanessa marzullo , 21 , were captured in july last year .
cctv showed exiting the jw marriott desert springs resort .
a surf competition was on at mollymook beach at the time of attack .
they then allegedly attacked the marshals with ` potentially lethal force ' .
 mobile phone vision surfaced of a violent brawl in a dressing-salon .
in footage , man apparently climbs on platform of flagpole outside building .
surprisingly , it shoots off along the water 's surface before exploding .
i just do n't want you to not love us anymore ' says austin .
 martin winter 's new memoir is a devastating indictment of labour leader .
the suspect has been found dead , his identity has not yet been disclosed .
 parking supervisor darren sweeby , 43 , was the ringleader of the scam .
amess grabbed victim from behind and punched her repeatedly in the head .
 jason graham boatwright was arrested in los angeles .
 sal landeros had just arrived home when he heard noise in his car trunk .
he , brother eddie and son chris slowly approached trunk and opened it .
search teams have found the plane 's tail at the bottom of the java sea .
ntsb released footage but are yet to determine cause of accident .'
 all eurostar services are cancelled after a lorry fire in one of the tunnels .
 george paskins began regularly raping two young girls 50 years ago .
iancu munteau from athlone was taken from his family and kept overnight .
property has spectacular atlantic views , tropical gardens and lavish pool .
garment has sold out but has now begun to appear on ebay .
 newspaper closed for front page of clooney saying : ' i am charlie hebdo ' .
iraq 's prime minister also warned that it ` might lead to further bloodshed ' .
she loved horses and had competed in equestrian events for most her life .
 irish tourist patrick lyttle , 31 , was allegedly punched by his brother , barry .
hours later she passed away , doctors investigating cause of death .
 jeff prestridge was attacked by australian cattle dog in hyde park , london .
scandal discovered by scholar in secret vatican archives .
 det.
he tweets later that ceremony had been a ` moving and uplifting occasion '
he has game shooting rights over land - and solicitors are now involved .
 it 's a petrol electric sport hybrid with aerodynamic low slung features .
pedestrian had a broken back and teeth knocked out , but was stable .
sam smith was spearfishing when he saw a shark ` so went down to film it ' .
 the video was shot while the driver was travelling north-east of melbourne .
it then cuddles up to the dog in the video filmed in le cap ferret , france .
comedian denies being high ; claims he was sick and sound was dodgy .
 writer and actress made questionable analogy to time out new york .
is seeking the limelight to promote new series of her hbo show girls .'
 prince has enlisted help of william clegg , a prominent defence barrister .
 trains resumed after all were cancelled yesterday stranding thousands .
eurostar said issue was with operator eurotunnel - which denied claim .
keys plans to continue to save and admits he still has a stash of pennies .'
the businessman lived in bali with his wife of 25 years , noor ellis .
ross and other officers were raiding the home owned by dallas horton thursday morning in connection to a bomb threat .
authorities facing questions over why they stopped monitoring brothers .
 new data shows type of dog we choose could be down to our postcodes .
most popular pooch is labrador with more than 500,000 tagged in the uk .
up to 700 people have been refusing to eat and some have sewn their lips .'
 two care homes owned by the same firm are being investigated by police .
 david warner 's heated spat started when he confronted indian batsman rohit sharma about a cheeky overthrow on sunday .
journalist , 32 , confirms pedestrian and motorcyclist are ` both fine ' .
she attended the international circus festival of monte-carlo with daughter .
he was lying in some long grass when his friend spotted a snake under him .
comes after one officer was allegedly threatened with decapitation .
water your amaryllis regularly and be sure to feed it once a week .'
comes amid fears from intelligence chiefs there could be terror attack .
facebook , founded by mark zuckerberg , is now worth over $ 200billion .'
the lib dem leader said he would not sit in a cabinet with ukip .
michael garcia said the fifa report contained numerous errors .
sturridge posted a philosophical message on instagram on monday .
 leo waddell , 12 , from lowestoft , suffolk , was born lily .
he has been certain since the age of five that he was meant to be a boy .
 russian president and lyudmila putina have been married for 30 years .
now putin 's spokesman says edit confirmed the divorce had taken place .
it shows italian-born samantha cristoforetti getting a haircut .
she was jailed for two years and eight months at ipswich crown court .
mr gray said his mother had brought jail sentence ` upon herself '
hopes to generate more sales because of interest in wolf hall on bbc .'
 paul mason was convicted of stalking eastenders actress brooke kinsella .
bexley magistrates ' court heard that mason bought ms kinsella presents .
the women arrived in rome on friday after being released by jihadists .
gasparri denied this , claiming he was merely asking if they 'd had sex .
edmunds aka ` mr stinky ' is serving life for a double murder .
the girl , who has not been named , is recovering .
slaps obamas for letting their daughters listen to beyonce 's ` trash ' music .
on sunday he backpedaled and insists it needs to be read ` in context '
 aysh chaudhry , 22 , criticised ` apologetic ' muslims in online diatribe .
but they had to wait 50 minutes for a lone paramedic to arrive at scene .
ambulance arrived after an hour and five minutes and man was treated .
he feared he had broken his thigh bone but instead had injured his hip .
these include memorising their voices , mannerisms and body language .
 alexander kokorin had given russia a sixth-minute lead .
the californian firm has filed more than 22 separate pen patents .
it could coincide with the launch of its 12.2-inch rumoured ipad pro .'
hayes agreed in court to be extradited home to grayson county , kentucky .'
his mother claimed in 2013 that another of her children caught fire .
passengers on both aircraft were evacuated and taken to heated buses .
chinese tourists accounted for 25 % of the total international spend .'
scans have revealed 28-year-old 's disease has spread to her brain .
it has been a difficult few years for the popular studio which suffered flops .'
aimed at those aged 50 to 70 and assesses risk of developing alzheimer 's .
she and her husband charan , 89 , struggle to keep up with their six-year-old .
jetblue pilot hit the brakes at tower 's request to avoid a collision .
nod to the royal unveiled during aw15 menswear collection at milan show .
in september aurora private clinics offered her the surgery free of charge .
 irish tourist barry lyttle appears in sydney court on tuesday charged with the assault of his younger brother , patrick .
eighty-five firefighters sent to battle the 3:30 am fire that ruined home .
 the documentary filmmaker caused controversy on sunday by tweeting that snipers are cowards .
 michael wenham , 35 , denies murdering karolina nowikiewicz , 25 .
father-of-three accused of stabbing her repeatedly at her flat in slough .
wenham was recovering from failed penis enlargement surgery , court told .
pope francis , clutching his hand luggage , turned and waved as he boarded the plane bound for rome .
launches campaign poster challenging other leaders over tv debates .
republican politicians fared slightly better ; six of 13 potential candidates were recognizable enough .
 researchers at cold spring harbour laboratory , new york , have described a ` circuit ' that controls fearful memories in the brains of mice .
its neurons extend into the central amygdala - another region .
 on december 20 police were called after danielle meitiv 's children were spotted alone , walking about a mile home from the park .
she and her husband let their children go on regular walks alone to build confidence .
he has now applied to build a railway around his staffordshire garden .
after decades of searching , they have now been reunited with son david .'
children and chimps learned kind behaviour off more generous individuals .
other swimmers were spotted swimming at the beach despite the warning .
hunt warned of ` anxiety ' for parents over ` crippling ' shortage of places .
the pensioner was sentenced to 35 months jail for the security breach .
relationship continued after she left school , and she had a baby by him .
the footage was captured in the saratov region of russia .
passengers disembarked on the tarmac and luggage was removed .
... i had a funny feeling .
it was so great ' .
trisha 's husband troy broadbridge , who played in the afl for the melbourne demons , was killed in the boxing day tsunami .
bondi beach 's barrier was named as the ` worst ' .
if she works in uk for a year she can receive a free reassignment operation .
 cheryl prudham , 32 , has announced she is pregnant with her twelfth child .
 dean kremer , 33 , started collecting star wars lightsabers after a break-up .
playtime over , the bear then retreated to a nearby area of woodland .
assistant coroner aled griffith recorded a verdict of accidental death .
 parents have tried to use ranks and positions of authority as baby names .
but more than a thousand came to chester crematorium for the service .
says uk economy expanded by 2.6 % in 2014 , down from 3.2 % forecast .
george osborne says britain is ` pulling ahead ' but risks remain .
he was wanted by police in connection with the death of nadine aburas .
mia farrow has denied she searches for family photos using the internet .
trader michael jarman : ` one had blood on her face and was screaming ' .
 president abed rabbo mansour hadi was unharmed in half-hour assault .
 mali-born lassana bathily , 24 , saved lives during paris attacks .
bano has been banned from keeping dogs for 15 years and was fined # 2k .
says kim is his inspiration and he 's always admired strong women .
comes after stuart kerner , 44 , was spared jail after taking pupil 's virginity .
` rare for a fighter jet ' to be able to climb that fast , said transport minister .
 greg plitt , 37 , was struck by metrolink train and pronounced dead at scene .
 israel carried out airstrike on convoy in syria on sunday killing 11 people .
 travelling with wildlife experts natural world safaris to sri lanka , trip gets you up close and personal to the whales .
 keely shaw , 27 , thought she was exhausted and unwell after a break up .
to honour his father who fought in world i and ii is his lifelong dream .
 the unnamed passenger is at hackensack university medical center .
the 22-year-old is charged with the murder of her newborn child on friday .
 a leeds law firm examined 200 cases to see when it had been cited .
mr nguyen arrested at the townhouse , charged with first-degree murder .
but many remain a mystery because they were so badly damaged that unrolling the papyrus would have destroyed them completely .
 labour 's deputy leader insists people in britain not feeling the recovery .
he is accused of having 14g of crack cocaine and almost 8g of heroin .
only six out of 444 people have passed the entire three modules so far .
islamic state fighters were ` neutralised ' without any canadian casualties .
have already been able to decipher key phrases from the scrolls .
appearance comes as government air strikes kill at least 39 people .
 oregon man morgan white , 23 , locked eyes with bull passing his house .
says that he was sexually abused by female interrogators at the compound .
he faked his death and left for uk weeks before jihadi john 's killing spree .
but he was arrested the same day in dover with his cousin tahir bhatti , 45 .
 a thief stole a custom-made wheelchair belong to four-year-old nicholas lovecchio of brookehaven , pennsylvania .
 govind trivedi , 45 , strayed too close to the animal and it attacked .
 forrest galante and jessica evans encountered the banded sea krate .
it comes after four people were killed by crocodiles in 2014 in the top end .'
witness who stuck up for the 23-year-old thrown out of leicester branch .
 temperatures at day three of the australian open on wednesday soared into the mid-30s .
 gilberto valle , 30 , appears to have set up an online dating profile -lrb- seeking slender women , who drink moderately , aged 24 -32 -rrb- .
 feast on lamb and salmon at the balcon in st james , london .
brasserie joel in park plaza , westminster , offers # 19 three-course meal .
string threaded into the face lifts muscles to ` restore ' younger appearance .
he is now based in egypt and the editorial was titled , us observer : comparing egypt with china .
no to page 3 campaign group spokesman admits ` fight might be back on '
 new proposal for 1p per unit surcharge to fund rehabilitation for alcoholics .
 digna love was dropping her daughter at school when she was pulled over .
 mary claire caine served for four years in the air force but returned to her car to find a note criticizing her use of a veterans-only parking spot .
he claims if it were n't for the air ambulance he would have died .
norbury and girl would ` touch each other in his car ' .
his parents now believe he likely fell to his death of a cliff and was swept out to sea .'
he allegedly set fire to the victim after she fell asleep drunk in his room .
the age of planes date back to the 1960s , and cockpits have no digital assistance .
children , danita , 19 and jamel , 26 , said they were ` happy ' with figure .
the takeaway delivered thousands of leaflets with the embarrassing typo .
 arnold prieto was to death in texas on wednesday by lethal injection .
her condition worsened over christmas and she suffered organ failure .
ingredients for the ` vagina facial ' costs less than # 5 .
she and seven other family members were able to escape the blaze .
 raghad hussein 's collection also includes pieces inspired by iraq .
buyuksarac is the latest person to be arrested for insulting the president .'
scientists track threats by monitoring nuclear weapons and climate change .
 colin davies says lee westwood saved him from drowning off barbados .
she is ` quieter and more giggly ' when she is layla and prefers time alone .
layton is a ` lad ' who is outspoken , fiery and loves football .
he has been charged with receiving stolen property , a first degree felony .
 regina coddington said her son joseph told her , ` we can do this the hard way or the easy way ' before tying her up in attempt to steal her guns .
police found regina coddington tied to the bed by her hands and feet and found hammers .
police say they guarded guerrero while waiting for ambulance to arrive .'
 mr justice gilbart said both human rights and equality laws were breached .
 warning alarms in doomed airasia flight drowned out pilots ' voices .
wedding photographer says she was harassed by callers and called racist .
 cassie richardson , from lancashire , died on december 28 .
he is given a restraining order and told to attend relationships course .
 the couple lived on different sides of exeter and had n't met each other .
it was created so people can ` prove ' they are dating , when they 're not .
users will be able to choose their partner from an ` extensive library ' .
photos show the dilapidated conditions she was living in when she died .
 britain will spend more than # 11billion on wine by 2018 , report predicts .
they consider factors such as animal numbers and tectonic variations .
what actually happened left her bedridden for five days .
mittens was born a hermaphrodite with both female and male genitalia .
they asked for duke 's ` voluntary cooperation ' to be questioned over claims .
but only us and canada customers will have access .
 ` dorian ' and ` dylan ' are now being sought by houston police department .
they were not released until an assessment and all-clear by nsw health department officials .'
 the victim , unidentified by authorities , is reportedly 18 , and was a willing participant .
elizabeth scroggs is now being held on felony charges without bond .
jones drove miss lazell across hampshire to an abandoned quarry .
 liverpool defender glen johnson is out of contract with the club at the end of the current season .
 first time the cqc has ever placed gp surgeries into special measures .
 chilean farmer javier prohens was alerted to bizarre looking remains .
works with the mobile app to mirror messages on site .
the 33-year-old claims mr silverstone was killed by a polish man .
the cultured royal is president of the royal college of music .
 plummeting smoking rates and dietary changes have played major role .
 gilberto valle , 30 , had set up an online dating profile -lrb- seeking slender women , who drink moderately , aged 24 -32 -rrb- .
judge jailed leggett and told him he is ` not a decent human being '
 alan dershowitz was named by virginia roberts , who says she was just 17 when she had sex with friends of pedophile jeffrey epstein .
he presumed red stains on the floor were spilled wine .
fischer was allegedly angered by the message and told the victim , ` come over and i 'll kill you man ' , according to the arrested affidavit .
when they arrived they found a shabby and mouldy apartment .
after just 26 days , he has returned to work after becoming ` bored ' at home .
his employer paul jeffrey was fined # 15,000 by yeovil magistrates court .
bbc and itv would then host separate debates with seven-strong line-up .
colourful adverts are most effective at driving shoppers to spend .
the 70cm in diameter pastry had to be cooked in the biggest oven .
 car mad nick truman has spent # 15,000 turning a granada into a supercar .
 christina annesley died of natural causes on wednesday in thailand .
he then appears to sign for delivery himself .
after trying garage door , he opens it to hide the parcel .'
the san francisco police officer can be heard complaining on the video that the wheelchair ran over his foot .
this involved a circuit board , transceiver and a cover - totalling $ 20 -lrb- # 13 -rrb- .
he told a court today how kiki muddar evicted him from his marital bed .
boy 's parents complained because they had not been informed of incident .
holidaymakers now requesting high-end upgrades in holiday properties .
mr tsuji has worked on blockbuster movies for 25 years , including men in black , looper and the curious case of benjamin button .
but experts warn deepak : ` this is a disaster waiting to happen '
queen 's son appeared at world economic forum in davos , switzerland .
married fellow actor donald churchill in 1960 and had two daughters .
they began taking pictures on their camera of nearby elephants .
david cameron promises the uk will do ` everything we can ' to help iraq .
won a double first from cambridge where he became involved in politics .
 unnamed flight attendants made allegations in an article with shukan post .
mother also claims not to mind being called britain 's most hated woman .
rspca went to check on the seal and said it was ` fit and healthy '
the little girl passed away on wednesday evening , her family said .
 the strange sight was captured on camera in snowy mongolia .
phenomenon occurs when light passes through airborne snow crystals .
 a court had ordered john fennell , 23 , to work 150 hours for burglary .
judge said there 'd be no exceptions this time - and jailed him for a year .
 juche travel services running four-week training project in pyongyang .
woman says she was dragged to a truck and raped after being arrested .
on wednesday 's one-off special episode , tara started dating following her 300lb weight loss .
man known as jacob lost so much weight his nipples were by his waist .
study found bpa disrupts delicate dna interactions needed to make sperm .
wanted offspring to know their biological background and parents .
met robert on donor site and shared same values .
there are claims a woman was sexually assaulted at one of its parties .
wrote messages after moving to thornhill community academy , where channel 4 show educating yorkshire was filmed .'
video has received more than 90,000 views on youtube .
promoters say he ` slagged off ' the caravanning community .
police believe she may be staying in city and are asking the public for help .
 officers were struggling to arrest man suspected of robbing a utah bank when they spotted wires .
miss bright fell pregnant in 2013 and had his baby in august this year .
he has crashed the car twice and smashed it into a tree in 2011 .
dr elham manea posted online that his prison sentence may be reduced .
 joseph sledge was convicted of killing a mother and daughter in 1976 .
nicholas farrage and naomi cameron admitted theft at plymouth hospital .
victoria beckham , on the other hand , was named star with the best tattoos .
gulleys were seen down the walls of a crater on the large asteroid .
 arkansas funeral care in jacksonville has been in business since 2006 .
 gwyneth and her medicinal chef friend share healthy recipes .
 dalton hayes , 18 , pleaded not guilty to eight charges including theft and rape in a grayson county , kentucky court on thursday .
while parents were upstairs , three pet ferrets escaped from cloth cage .
 alex mackay , 64 , was cleared of assault and breach of the peace by a jury .
chelcie hunt , 18 , did not see him and thought she had hit an animal .
the 23-year-old was at first told no despite being six months pregnant .
staff allegedly said the facilities ` were not a public service ' and refused .
and ` have you ever been drunk on-air ? '
she turned on her tv to find message ' i am going to rape you ' on screen .
pair had sex in poe 's bedroom , in the student 's pickup and at the school .
poe is married and a mother .
 in parts of the uk , the temperatures will rise to a balmy 9c this weekend as britain 's cold spell comes to an end .
he died in august 2014 from a suspected heart attack .
the agreement with stuart venner allowed his mistress to pay just $ 1 a month under the terms of the 40-year lease .
 buffalo-born mark cornell served in the us airforce for 18 years .
mr luff said they were particularly popular in victoria where they are scattered across the peninsula .
30-year-old said yes - but asked southwest elementary in lawson , missouri .
chef mehmet kaya was sentenced to 12 months imprisonment .
 jamie gant was found hanged in the bedroom of his home in bath .
the schoolboy 's parents described him as ` much loved and happy '
the father-of-one stood on a dining chair to hang fairy lights in restaurant .
 osiris aristy , 17 , was arrested for facebook posts that included emojis of policemen with guns against their heads .
he is due in court on february 20 in relation to two separate robberies and the terms of an agreed plea deal may now change .
litvinenko claims mogilivech also sold weapons to al qaeda .
is said to have met with someone he knew to arrange the hit in november .
the iconic burger now costs the equivalent of nearly $ 8 there , # 5 in sterling .
he is pinned under the van and dragged down the driveway into the street .
do not remove ' .
designed and built in britain the zero-emission cars are almost silent .
 bailiffs have been trying to evict tom crawford , 63 , for six months .
 william stephens , 25 , was jailed for shaking baby daughter paris to death .
when she was 18 years old , she learned that her mother had an affair with a black man named rodney , who is her biological father .
kouachi brothers were buried in paris suburbs at night in unmarked graves .'
 sandra bainbridge was killed after she returned home from holiday .
drug addict cutler stabbed ms bainbridge more than 70 times .
michelle ghirelli , 30 , joined lippert and ` the two spent the night on a beach with a group of boys during which they had sex with two students '
norwegian 16-year-old was unveiled at a press conference on thursday .
one businessman alone deposited # 1.3 million with the fake bank .
 police were called when a boy at a florida school took a hand grenade in .
the storm brought heavy snow and triggered avalanches , and prevented the group from completing the climb .'
authorities say it 's almost unrecognizable and that no bodies were found .
staffordshire-born mother is now begging her father , 42 , to ` take her home ' .
 alex van , 53 , and donovan george , 32 , were flying with service dogs .
wildlife officers found the brown pelicans washed up in florida keys .
a liver transplant could save their lives - but mr wagner can only help one .
trevor howard was mauled as he tried to protect dog jess from three mastiffs .
 ` am i going down ? '
driver can take back control by tapping on the brakes .
castano faces 25 years in prison if convicted of the alleged assault .
 conservatives photoshop skills slammed in latest election poster .
 asiya ummi abdullah , 24 , admitted taking son to live among isis terrorists .
the troops were supported during the battle by f18 fighter jets .
 jordan ford was told off for styling his hair into a dyed red mohawk .
he took revenge by posting a picture of his headteacher on facebook .
this will be the closest approach of an asteroid this size until 2027 .
he was trapped in the 30in window and stuck there for five hours .
kyrgios marched through to the quarter-final by beating andreas seppi .
munk 's rays leap in unison and are only ray species to jump while migrating in groups as large as 250,000 .
ms honey clears rubbish , cuts hedges and spots signs of criminal damage .
she claims he hid money in investment firm with brothers .
 aiden feeney , 24 , launched a hate campaign against scarlet o'connor .
top gear will be among the bbc shows available on the new channel .
 new be clear on cancer campaign today warns of regular heartburn .
experts say pain could be a sign of oesophageal or stomach cancer .
nasa has not revealed when the helicopter could go to mars .'
but the state may delay the other three to review the drug .
doctors saved her life but after looking in a mirror she said ' i want to die ' .
he was captain of the costa concordia when it hit rocks in january 2012 .
she was too scared to tell anyone and ` did n't know any different ' .
portrait is set to go on display as part of exhibition in manhattan .'
he can barely make it to the third push-up as he breaks down in laughter .'
 jodi russell , of west midlands , left dogs to die in their cages in living room .
thorpe said the cuts had a ` devastating ' effect on the company .
 the male driver and his passenger were pronounced dead at the scene .
had a hysterectomy - womb removed - to prevent disease from spreading .
football club pins included those from arsenal , man united and chelsea .
counter-terror police arrest 20-year-old briton arriving at heathrow .
 brian standiford , 49 , ` fled after a dye pack exploded on him during a bank robbery in portage , michigan on january 13 ' .
categories are chosen by a spinning wheel on the app 's screen .
emergency services were called out to fumigate the affected area .
president later addressed gender equality and women 's rights in speech .
 virgin galactic confirms that it will construct and test new rocket itself .
 lib dem minister stephen williams said somali migrants did n't use pubs .
 samantha henderson , 25 , last seen in corfe castle , dorset , on wednesday .
dominic isom , 27 , was charged with mother-of-four 's murder this afternoon .
 jon rixon was enjoying a stroll when he was crushed under 80ft oak tree .
 mayor marcel allegre , of fremainville , northern france , ` evicted ' the statue .
 csiro and bureau of meteorology have released a new report .
in one he claims talbot asked if they had masturbated and explained how .
brown also claims he showed a three-minute gay porn movie in class .
 current invisibility cloaks often tend to draw more attention to object .
it is alleged that joseph stephen rosenburg began touching her .
dry blood was around mouth and an empty vodka bottle was found in room .
the pair planned to spend part of the # 4,000 proceeds in a luton strip club .
 aberdeen 's shay logan accused aleksandar tonev of racist language .
she set up an account on gofundme.com to raise # 6,000 for ivf .
kyrgios is by far the youngest and least experienced than the other seven contenders .
 hu huiyuan , 21 , suffers from cerebral palsy and relies on a wheelchair .
roxy music star thanked fire and ambulance crews for their help .
 students ` dragged off by police ' after handing in porn film dissertation .
the pair , acquitted this month , say they 've had a ` four-year nightmare .
humberside police is warning cyclists to check privacy settings first .'
insect does n't hide in flowers and likes to sit on contrasting leaves .
but the industry in australia is crying out for more workers and funding .
they learn the basics of how to take cover and return fire at terrorists .
the owner of treetops resort is looking into suing for damages .'
he and another officer have been nominated for a life-saving award for their efforts .'
suspect then sits back down in wheelchair and is pushed out of store .
she confronted martin after bumping into him at a music festival in 2013 .
the pair began to kiss and cuddle - but she thought he was someone else .
images then ended up on the phones of most officers in puerto rico .
pictured show 13-year-old male tied down in a tiny cage for ` pedicure '
others show him squaring up to riot police and brandishing machine guns .
some fans say his accent is more scottish in second series of the hit show .
the sky has to be clear of rain and low cloud , and the sun must shine at a specific angle for them to be seen .'
 uk economy grows by 2.6 % in 2014 , among the fastest in the world .
but growth of 0.5 % in last three months of the year lower than expected .
service sector is booming but construction shrank by 1.8 % .'
mr alves also had his fourth nose job and his ears pinned back .
but in a tv address kirchner strongly denied the allegations against her .
among them are noelie and robin goforth from doncaster in yorkshire .
the probes could be sent as part of esa 's juice mission in 2030 .
the toddler died after sorensen fed her chili powder as a punishment .'
the historic buildings are at risk of suffering ` irreparable damage ' .
said he wanted to take it home , but relented and left it at the end of road .
delivered with backup generator after the massachusetts island lost power .
several arrests were made and police are continuing their investigations .'
the one direction star did a double take but kyrgios did n't stop .
the 69-year-old was sentenced in 2007 for the 1988 slayings of mickey and trudy thompson .
 the footage was shot on australia day in melbourne , australia .
 the cubs were transfixed by their mother 's efforts to catch them a salmon from the lake for lunch .
killer named as vladimir levkin , an offical of the russian central bank .
on the anniversary of the incident on sunday , she returned to oklahoma to reunite with the medical team who helped to save her life .'
 warren lee hill was given lethal injection at facility in jackson , georgia .
was sentenced to death for murdering an inmate with a nail-studded board .
 miliband previously likened to wallace from aardman animation films .
viewers said waiter from new shaun the sheep trailer looks like politician .'
the couple from perth in wa now live their lives travelling the world .
i 'm just cold ' .
the mother of three told her sister she was about to adopt a baby .
 could be used by shops to offer discounts to customers .
cartoon has since been removed from mr christensen 's facebook page .
 mig-27 crashed in western india and part of jet hit a motorcyclist .
loon singh was delivering his wedding invitations when he was hit .
quattrocchi stabbed victim three times while being shot with stun gun .'
man thought to be pro-russian commander cuts badges off their uniform .
 dame judi dench has been in showbusiness for almost 60 years .
one of the features of the software update adds support for usb audio .
in both cases , the 25-year-old alleged punched both women in the face .
others were ` barged and pushed ' around and there was not enough food .
pope francis called one of the alleged victims to offer his apologies .'
 phillip roberts , 32 , allegedly stabbed a woman as she ran on a treadmill .
mrs diamond credits the gel for the birth of her daughter , gabrielle .'
electric car offers two acceleration options - sport and insane .
defence secretary michael fallon will deliver a speech this evening .
mr fallon will claim that defence spending is still at 2 per cent of gdp .
he said it was necessary ` to further rationalise our defence estate '
 the abandoned wagons have been homes for the families of railway workers for the last 20 years .
 bart has successfully undergone surgery to have his eye removed and jaw repaired .
he was found mangled and apparently dead after being run down by a car .
 gp richard holmes , 55 , crashed his saab on the way to his surgery .
he was found to be four times over the drink drive limit at time of impact .
 the new app is similar to facebook , but it just available for hotel guests .
no turkish party is complete without a tub of cemen or tomato dip .
she has foraged for berries and even got free recycled bones for soup .
opened the new surgical innovation centre and met staff and students .
in his first speech to cabinet he said the country would not default on debt .
 terrorists were said to be kidnapping children to use during their attacks .
scott brown has been impressed by armstrong for club and country .
schools , bridges and tunnels were closed in preparation of storm juno .
he ` encouraged his children to bring over their high school friends so he could assault them '
recently won coveted salon culinaire competition .
23 years later , nigel barwell and thomas o'reilly appeared in court today charged with her murder .
claims # 72 in jobseeker 's allowance but ` does n't have time ' to look for job .
police arrested a 33-year-old man on thursday afternoon .
kraft owns the copyright to the vegemite branding .
pizza hut went to a backpackers in bondi to test out the pizza .
he may run for president but has n't officially declared his candidacy .
no one was hurt and damage was minimal - donor declined to file a report .
a new trophy has been unveiled which represents all the teams involved .
martin , his female passenger and another motorist suffered minor injuries .
store has attracted criticism as being out of keeping with luxury street .'
 sir michael wilshaw insists claims of inappropriate questions are untrue .
crispy seaweed was sitting in a bowl in a dirty microwave , a court heard .
farmer was jailed for three-and-a-half years after he admitted the offence .'
police arrested 163 - with 40 made in the gang 's homeland of calabria .
a court heard mr o'neill had never realised what he had done .
 lauren oliver was stabbed by her ex nicholas leaning when pregnant .
paramedics arrived but were unable to gain access to her birmingham flat .
one man grabbed her computer while another shoved her against a fence .
 protesters have been using automated software to lodge noise complaints .
joshua mccormick , then 19 , punched father-of-three in unprovoked attack .
they paid for their food but instead of collecting it threw a live chicken .
chicken was thrown into serving hatch of stockton-on-tees restaurant .
 missiles fired by lebanese hezbollah group hit an israeli military convoy .
the survivalist then went on the run sparking a seven-week manhunt .
police continue to investigate the incident but not charges have been filed .'
the officers shot man monis 13 times , twice in the head , killing him .
inquest will determine whether the siege was ` properly managed .
larry black , 49 , told sheriff 's deputies his wife beat him with a shoe .
breivik shouts that expert 's testimony is ` insulting ' and ` abusive ' .
she realizes that she does n't have the same footing she would on dry land .
 petr cech now second choice at chelsea behind thibaut courtois .
` interfering with what ?
i did n't understand it , ' bundy , who pleaded not guilty to all charges , said .
 myron may went on a shooting spree in the stozier library in november .
his sister bronwyn , 19 , and his dad andrew , 47 , also powerlift .
 candice swanepoel , 26 , has designed capsule range for mother denim .
 jade beadle , 24 , made shrine in memory of stillborn daughter tanya .
wu 's wife said she does n't know how she is going to take care of their two small children .
 russian bombers flew over channel in scenes reminiscent of cold war .
they plan to roll them out nationally this year , and eventually globally .'
but under proposals handouts for miss buchan will be capped at # 23,000 .
 jennifer clayton , 38 , from salt lake city adopts dogs with disabilities .
she has four dogs who suffer from blindness , cleft palate and paralysis .
 drew rosenhaus has filed for divorce from wife lauren thomson after a year of marriage citing irreconcilable differences .
 new study finds more parents are digitally transferring money to their kids .
rev fr .
passenger craig mitchell said the plane was ` two seconds ' from lift-off .
the researchers say these types of planet could even become habitable .
 stephanie doody , 55 , claims her cats saved her life by ` smelling ' her cancer .
 ancestrydna studies a person 's genome from 700,000 genetic locations .
results are cross-checked with these trees to search for a potential match .
officers found nuu outside and asked him to drop hammer but he refused .
 in 1933 , four men were murdered in dachau , germany .
police found the body after his son called them from arizona , concerned .
if he took people getting his name wrong personally he would go ` insane ' .
clegg has accepted tim farron is ` unstoppable ' as his replacement .
 abu rahin aziz , 33 , posted a string of tweets inciting attacks on the uk .
he 's thought to have taken control from plesel when plane began to ascend .
 lucy fallon , 19 , has secured the role of bethany platt on coronation street .
police had to use a taser on jones in order to restrain him .
spent # 5,766 on three months worth of procedures and treatments .
investigation by health insurer uncovered ` covert ' schemes worth ` tens of thousands of pounds ' enticing doctors to refer to specific private hospitals .
pair from dunedin , florida , believed the animal was a threat to her child .
 alan barnes , 67 , has suffered growth and sight problems since birth .
 researchers in france believe the ebola virus is showing signs of mutating .
over 300 miles of coastline set cornwall apart as the perfect spot .
troy hitchins , 20 , was in his wheelchair and can only walk with crutches .
he was told to go downstairs because he was a health and safety risk .
to protect rhett mr krawitt has asked school to bar unvaccinated children .'
patient initially went to mercy general hospital , which closed its emergency room to ` disinfect ' it .
they said private landlords are not clearing and maintaining homes .'
 men would compete in the gulf state and women in neighbouring bahrain .
 at least 50 online threats have been made against flights since january , according to a us official .
 adam guerra , 27 , from los angeles , california , appeared on tlc 's my strange addiction last night .
 natural history museum 's famous model of a diplodocus is to be retired .
diplodocus exhibit - made up of 356 plaster cast bones - will be replaced by a 83ft long real skeleton of blue whale .
 sherri norman was driving in randleman , north carolina on saturday when a woman tried to slam into her car and run her off the road .
the students could be as young as 13 years old .
 eboni tucker-smith , 32 , was charged with neglect on tuesday after her six children were found living in ` deplorable conditions ' in her florida home .
crew expected to be fined for building permission infringements .
 working with samsung to use gear vr headsets in lounges and on flights .
chism has denied raping and murdering the 24-year-old teacher .
he had admitted calling in a bomb threat in 2012 and a judge had been considering the possibility of home-based punishment for him .
oscar nominee 's ancestors kept up to 250 slaves on barbados plantation .
joe kritik had been arrested earlier , but was not in handcuffs .
officer cleared of criminal wrongdoing but later resigned .
john lynch , a dock man in 1965 , said the dockers ` did n't like churchill ' .
 hacker 's list lets hacker 's bid for jobs posted by users called 'em ployers ' .
now she tells her friend juniper that she will meet minnie mouse .
said it had been unable to meet demand for latest nexus 6 handset .
 sandra and paul dunham both admit to conspiring to commit wire fraud .
they made him eat the crack cocaine as punishment before letting him go .
but when ainscow died in 2013 it emerged that she had # 6million in assets .
took just three seconds for the furnace at the bethlehem steel plant to fall .
also shows she lunged at officers while brandishing a butcher 's knife .
 jake chapman , 26 , from seattle , asked his exes for reviews .
the inquiry is into a illegal police bugging operation of 114 people in 2000 .
` they 've had some haqqani people come , ' graham said .
 museum used the grounded spitfire to pay a firm to recover an raf kittyhawk p40 discovered preserved in the sahara desert .
marli van breda is fighting for her life in hospital after this weeks ' attack .
 pedro hernandez , 54 , is accused of kidnapping etan patz on his way to school in soho in may 1979 .
 kurdish leader and five fighters killed in new isis assault on city of kirkuk .
us secretary of state hit with $ 50 penalty despite being out of the country .
claims the outdoor area is flooded with filthy water when it rains heavily .
florist says she has been unable to grow anything in garden for 40 years .
but in 2005 , signs were removed as some complained they were offensive .
mitchell sued the sun , but was then sued by pc toby rowland .
a piece of her body , ' said mother arlette fontes .
carla fontes loves wrestling and though her hair is gone said , ` it is what it is '
a figure close to him said honours ceremonies should be a celebration .
 kilmer ` bled from his mouth ' on monday while at his malibu home .
 zimmerman 's girlfriend hired a lawyer and recanted her story after telling police he threw a wine bottle at her during a january 9 argument .
shows included valentino , jean paul gaultier and chanel .
police said the intruder made themselves ` comfortable ' while inside .
 serena williams appeared to be under the weather during friday 's practice .
he attacked them on isolated forest roads under pretence of teaching them .
they cost roughly # 4.50 and aim to promote strong feminine ideals .
 some 21 ministers made visits in or near 19 marginal constituencies .
 woman fled her home in italy in december after deciding to join isis .
if biological age was greater than real age more likely to die soon .
mr ireland said he plans to travel and ` see things i 've missed ' .
30-year-old said yes but asked southwest elementary in lawson , mo .
djokovic beat murray in 2011 and 2013 australian open final .'
mansion is on the bishops avenue in london - dubbed billionaires ' row .
i have no idea why ' .
 sick trolls write vile posts on an unofficial kim sears facebook page .
 good samaritan sasa pesic climbed off river overpass to rescue small pup .
surrogate vows she would never rent out her womb again .
 business owners must not use ` super bowl ' name due to strict trademark policies .
girl fell through the ice but was able to pull herself out the river to safety .
pudding served from 7 to 13 february at restaurant mark greenaway .'
it is thought there was a leak in the hose piping the gas into the hospital .
she said she wasted 11.24 hours and her time was worth # 9.19 per hour .
kim announced news and explained they 'd worked ` so hard ' on it .
 doug yeomans , 78 , is fighting tax officials to have an incorrect bill sorted .
yesterday , stone caricature unveiled on historic building in bizarre tribute .
less than a month after calling for a police investigation , he was sacked .
ministers have warned isis now poses ` the greatest single threat ' to britain .
she shared the photos to encourage other young women to get checked .'
 dappy was ordered before a court after he missed a probation appointment .
her two daughters have n't spoken to her for two years .
she was arrested in december for assaulting a pregnant woman .
independently chosen kit manager tony medlin will look after the balls .
 state troopers cited jessica hernandez january 1 for doing 80mph in 55mph zone .
he only used equipment that was available to doctors 2,500 years ago .
that visit was not announced in advance and took media by surprise .
 the total size of britain 's economy -lrb- gdp -rrb- increased by 2.6 per cent last year .
muniz had been babysitting grace while fianc\xc3\xa9 mitch ford was at work .
police allege he then attempted to run through her with a knife .
` the facts demonstrated that this was not a sexual assault , ' attorney said .
liberal mp jane prentice said the nlp ` ca n't continue as we are ' .
 pension pot is thought to be the largest ever amassed by a civil servant .
 kindles and coffee machines prove most popular purchases in the uk .
net sales for the whole of 2014 were up 20 per cent to # 56billion .'
he was left terrified and in tears after his clumsy friend shot him .
he denies more than 30 charges for allegedly lacing saline drips .
b dental , in islington , disputed the review and claimed it was defamatory .
ranges inspired by royal created by john lewis and marks and spencer .
 club med : val thorens sensations was designed via crowd-sourcing .
president franklin d roosevelt used the siding to hide his disability .
also seen observing a military drill while surrounded by senior staff .
each chip is the size of a grain of rice and stores personal information .
by the time iriyano got back to his seat aircraft was plunging into ocean .
dna tests are now underway to reunite the newborns with their mothers .
it is thought there was a leak in the hose piping the gas into the hospital .
 cartoonist luz survived charlie hebdo massacre because he was late .
dippy the diplodocus is due to be moved from prime spot in entrance hall .
british military worker is at royal free hospital in london for assessment .
injury is likely to have happened in the last 48 hours near capital freetown .
 vincent and thomas seris , of bordeaux , have a rare genetic condition , xp .
the 26-year-old struck outside a wickes store in birmingham last july .
 daniel sullivan has photographed the king 's highway in maui , hawaii , in a bid to preserve its heritage .
 a good samaritan tried to calm a yelling match between a feuding couple .
two militants revealed airstrikes by us-led coalition prompted withdrawal .
 princess beatrice was said to be upset after being branded ` workshy ' .
but party knew about his links to convicted criminal before he became mep .
the family were under a shelter at a gold coast park when they were hit .
 geraldine mcewan died yesterday aged 82 , her children have confirmed .
mr shapps said immigrants should consider voting conservative .
anonymous defence source says malik was ` gathering lots of equipment '
 20 participants will battle nature and the elements in channel 5 's 10,000 bc .
the 38-year-old then offered them to customers at the crewe arms hotel .
islamic state extremists have threatened to kill both of the hostages .
sir bruce keogh promised that local a&e s would not be downgraded .
women from around world were asked to send in short video of their lives .
m. and dug hennessy out of the snowbank .
but department for education has now axed it from gcse curriculum .
but the creatures appears and darts under tables and chairs before being shooed out by a man with a briefcase .'
befriended carla paz , 22 , mother of a one-month-old girl and a child , four .
but bosses insist : ` there will be a future for charlie hebdo ' .
he disappeared during a family holiday in 1950 and resurfaced in moscow .
the country is currently ranked 26th in the world for maths , 23rd for reading .
after bashing in the bonnet , she destroyed the rear windshield and lights .
sheik ahmed , one of world 's richest men , refused to acknowledge their son .
the playwright 's book of sonnets was dedicated to the mystery man .
attorneys kumar rao and ryan napoli criticized for appearing in footage .
the arsenal forward has been in scintillating form in the premier league .
 a new series of the jungle reality show kicked off in south africa on sunday .
mayor bill de blasio was called a ` punk a ** ' for shutting down new york city over storm juno .
sources say the teens were only having a snowball fight .
but he said ` overwhelming majority ' of muslims ignore interpretations .
 miss amazon 2015 runner-up ripped crown of the winning beauty .
officials on a panel have already voted to tear down the lanza family home .
 number of children living in a home with married parents drops by 3 % .
 hungarian man crashed his friend 's # 186,000 lamborghini last year .
 elite firearms unit at scotland yard , sco19 , launched a bee-keeping club .
the club is aimed at helping officers in elite fighting squad to relax .
 a man received more than $ 1 million in compensation for personal injury .
 a whole industry has developed around alternative milks .
was celebrating two-year anniversary of boob op that made her infamous .
then a doctor in the crowd charged on to the stage to save actor 's life .
 criminals stole port-a-loos by chaining them to a ute and dragging them .
he was meant to return home , but this weekend circumstances changed .
she said she doubts racism drove him to choke her father eric garner .
husband dan blaise , 42 , died of self-inflicted wound at marion , il , home .
he is in pitkin county jail , colorado , but has no visitors .
now found from cornwall to northumberland and in scotland and wales .
published says error has been corrected and new copies would now be distributed '
 riley hoult is battling neuroblastoma with chemotherapy and surgery .
two microphones scan for so-called electronic voice phenomena -lrb- evp -rrb- .
airport spokesman said ` huge amount ' of travellers arrived in short period .
he is believed to be driving an olive-green mazda tribute with a georgia tag .
 christine craven-walker , 70 , drowned after falling into the river avon .
labour said the cat was ` out of the bag ' - school spending will be cut .
on saturday another military worker was flown back to england .
will be monitored for the 21-day incubation period alongside colleague .
this week , readers , annie and rachel poulter received a makeover .
 jon venables and robert thompson murdered james bulger in 1993 .
two-year-old snatched moments after she went into a bootle butchers .
they claim mayor rahman ` subverted democracy ' during the campaign .
miss newman , who had mild learning difficulties , died the following day .
the first words that came out from his mum were : ` you c *** !
you c *** ! '
her worried mother took her to local hospital on the advice of the gp .
the rspca says the puppy is ` the happiest puppy you will ever meet '
 chip wilson founded canadian company lululemon in 1998 .
 michael clarke told daily mail australia that ` phillip hughes is what gets me out of bed every morning ' .
others have called for the mother of one to be awarded an obe .
he pounced as she walked down alleyway .
russell wilson tried to find receiver ricardo lockette , but patriots corner malcolm butler read the move and intercepted the ball .
thought he would have time to make the game-winning play .
but they were told by staff they would have to remove costumes to enter .
 miliband was asked to prove that he represented the british people .
all three have been refused bail .
 browns and a manziel family adviser confirmed the 22-year-old quarterback entered treatment program wednesday .
 roy harrison , 56 , used his suburban garden to store fridges and ovens .
 christchurch couple 's sex romp in marsh ltd offices gets them in hot water .
` they should have turned the lights out , ' said one bar patron .
matthew connah landed fatal punch to mr williams in attack on august 11 .
 officers order cull after bird flu case reported at chicken farm in hampshire .
designer told mailonline she does not yet have a price for the yacht as it is just an initial concept .
leadership speculation has swirled around malcolm turnbull and julie bishop .
they broke through windscreen , knocking out both the pilot and co-pilot .
baby boy harrison was safely delivered at 7.45 am on thursday morning .
his mother alison today said she was ` devastated and heartbroken ' .
nine out the 18 members of baghdadi 's ruling council have been killed .
morgan was jailed for four and a half years at swansea crown court .
this could explain why dark matter has not yet been found .
 honister slate mine , near keswick , has been turned into an adventure site .
tsarnaev 's attorneys have argued that the story shows residents of boston still feel strongly about the bombings .
the milne 's seven-year-old son is fighting for his life in hospital .
 iskander aksakov and friends drove to the sea of okhotsk to go ice fishing .
 mamadou , from rural guinea , was born with a undiagnosed deformity .
the warning comes after packer withdrew from development plans .
man was speaking to rescuers and was reportedly in stable condition .
airbus a380 leaves gaping hole in clouds as they swirl in sky .
 respect mp will appear on this week 's edition of bbc question time .
people thought he would end up nursing for her in old age .
soup detoxes popular in us and prized as nutrition-packed cleanses .
 suzanne downer , 61 , a teacher from welling , kent , has high blood pressure .
a total of 135 bids have grown to more than $ 23,000 in just two days .
 sarah kovacs grzywacz had many strange requests during her hotel stay .
 daisy pritchard , 9 , suffered a stroke aged 21 months during heart surgery .
but she has struck up a remarkable bond with a pony called dollar .
 alex song has been an ever-present since joining west ham on loan .
mr carswell has since blamed the post on his five-year-old daughter kitty .
 schoolgirl sent a photograph of her cleavage to a male classmate .
then picked off an isolated and vulnerable fish , spearing it with its snout .
spears , of scottsville , kentucky , wiped away a tear as the prosecutor spoke .
htc is expected to unveil its next-generation htc one m9 handset .
 the full-scale avalanche in vallee de la sionne , near sion in switzerland , was triggered using explosives .
newborn boy was dragged along the floor on its head several feet .
copies can be ordered in the post or photos can be given to a locksmith .
2,000 hotels are using the new device but company wo n't disclose which .
trained pilot may personally take part in airstrikes on isis targets , according to reports .
comments sparked anger and some said they are hurtful to catholic mums .
amazing scenes played out in hwange national park in western zimbabwe .'
 narcis ioo kicked his wife and threatened to kill her at gloucestershire home .
initially diagnosed with metritis - an inflammation of the uterus 's wall .
 michael land claimed he could barely walk and suffered from glaucoma .
he tricked women by pretending he was conducting a ` sleep study ' .
bali nine ringleaders chan and sukumaran are still on death row .
to date the video has been watched more than 1.5 million times .'
has had tattoo changed for $ 80 after joining the buffalo bills .'
 lucky fell into the swollen river in burbank on friday .
judge has ruled wright 's drug-addled confession should be suppressed .
jobs website www.graphic-jobs.com has also apologised for posting ad .
bids have already exceeded 23,000 australian dollars - around $ 18,000 .
he has now designed and built his own functional prosthetic flying limb .
mr saddique accused willis of cheating and pair argued at blackburn home .
 luke chequer and charlotte broadbridge started the hangover man .
the waiver was issued at the hellenic republic in brunswick east , which is co-owned by masterchef judge george calombaris .  '
one toddler can count to 30 in english and 10 in mandarin .
expert claims kids are suffering from severe anxiety due to pressure .
document said diplomat was vulnerable to blackmail by foreign powers .
he is now jailed for four and a half years for the sex offences .
ms carney claimed he said that was what worked in the ` good old days ' .
 darren scott , 26 , allegedly stabbed victim nine times during a massage .
when lisa mills suggested mother-of-five put more clothes on because she was concerned for her welfare she turned on 44-year-old .
 sienna adderley was watching cbeebies when her mother began shaking .
sienna told operators : ` she 's collapsed and now she is shaking ' .
this procedure removes scar tissue and brings rest of clitoris forward .'
based on an existing licensing process for space launches .
found the answers to two questions showed how in love couples were .
 ingrid chenoweth , 49 , had an argument with karen middlemore last year .
found birds changed positions frequently , sharing the arduous leadership .
apprentice electrician was driving on the hard shoulder at sevenoaks .
 liu jieyu woke up after suffering a stroke unable to speak chinese .
sarah also revealed her desire for breakfast in bed on mother 's day .
in her suicide note , angel wrote ` it 's bullying that killed me .
 this week binky recreates queen elsa 's make-up from disney 's frozen .
alusaimi was arrested shortly after the assault for running a red light .
their journey was captured in marion poizeau 's documentary ` into the sea ' .
 deacon allan lavington , 62 , sued his pastor wife deborah harrison , 58 .
he said she failed to pay him for music and flower arranging lessons .
but he lost balance and hit his head on the road , was n't wearing a helmet .
when they returned home the couple based themselves at service station .
there have been 107 cases in the us of mystery paralysis since september .
researchers are attempting to develop new treatments against the virus .'
valentine 's day menu on offer from 10 to 14 february .
seats are almost 10 inches wider than economy on boeing 747s .
deposit of up to ten million gallons considered ` missing ' has been found .
 three sisters springs has an average of 65 manatees gathered at once .
 junior sornoza is looking to make a move to europe .
said she was not someone who would ` gloss over the corporation 's faults ' .
court heard how woman underwent fgm when she was just six-years-old .
she has now been left afraid to go out at night without 6ft 7in boyfriend .
 remains were discovered on west runton beach in norfolk .
cast said harry has been fully involved with the film .
 the labour in vain pub has been serving staffordshire locals for 166 years .
the council sought its removal in 2001 after it was displayed outside .
message informed them their child had not arrived at wadebridge school .
test will reveal how craft will behave if any problems during launch .
colliery once employed 1,100 people but closed permanently in 1966 .
 kendall , 19 , stars in a video campaign for the brand 's little black primer .
if approved , it would also make it illegal to help homeless who beg .
court told there had been ` altercation ' over dog fouling six years ago .
reid also splashed paint over the house in new aberdour , aberdeenshire .
toys will include characters such as the doctor , the daleks and the tardis .
 ricardo medina jr , 36 , stabbed his roommate joshua sutter , 36 , to death ` after the man forced his way into his bedroom during a fight on saturday ' .
the metropolitan museum of art is currently considering a ban .
kelly started designing swimwear for the high street store in 2006 .
scars are visible when she competes but says they are a sign of strength .'
 the arizona teacher is suing the arizona department of corrections -lrb- adoc -rrb- .
one named jacob harvey , 20 , allegedly brutally raped his teacher after the test once the other inmates left .
steele , who was 17 at time , was found guilty and sentenced to 18 years .'
they only re-discovered each other after ms ellis overheard friend in aldi .
mrs nicholas has now lost an appeal and will be moved out of home .'
she and ms gosk also have a one-year-old daughter named harper .'
 mubarak batambuze has been hailed a hero for slaying the 25ft crocodile .
he became very close mates with andrew chan and myuran sukumaran .
the actress is not cancer-free and admits she still has a long road ahead .
users can additionally add toilets that are n't already included on the app .
the app is free for ios and android and works offline .
police ` are investigating whether eye-witnesses fled from the scene ' .
go set a watchman , a 304-page book , will be lee 's second .
jared suffered a stroke in the womb and now he can not stand , talk or see .
there are two heated swimming pools and wine producing vineyards and impressive ancient olive trees .
iguana sold to nearby store for $ 200 but returned after buyer saw the news .
her phobia is so severe she almost fainted when squirted with some sauce .
gobel also created a beautiful piece of art for the australia zoo .
thompson persuaded the then minor -- who identified as a female at the time -- to live in her home where they continued the sexual relationship .
 juliet doyle , 50 , was injured while taking ski lessons at saint-gervais .
called for brutal execution suggestions , prompting thousands of ideas .
nao has four microphones , touch sensors and can speak 19 languages .
authorities were watching russian child porn website and found photos .'
firefighters were called in to free the girl 's wedged head .
cat lured out of the post before firefighters freed toddler .
his life was commemorated with service of thanksgiving in london today .
guests including the duchess of cornwall gathered at guard 's chapel .
morgan , who is six months ' pregnant , had a noticeable bump under shirt .
opium poppies may have been first cultivated by neolithic farmers in italy .
 robert clark , 29 , allegedly abducted and killed an elderly couple in ohio .
 biologists found elysia chlorotica has hijacked a gene from green algae .
 you can have 15 minutes cuddle time with a kitten from 12-4pm today .
he hit her nine times , and five times the weapon struck her head .
 a south yorkshire police officer is suspected of misusing thermal camera .
slaying occurred 11 days after the convicts had escaped in the biggest prison break in texas history .
she grabbed a nearby hammer and threatened the man , who had a gun .
intruder then fled and tried to carjack a neighbor , who was shot in the leg .
talk talk chief executive dido harding calls for deal to be scrutinised in uk .
two teenagers were shot and suffered non-life-threatening injuries .
wife samantha works for firm as a part-time creative consultant .
 myzell armstrong , now 19 , found guilty on all counts in fight that happened two years ago on wednesday .
university of missouri-columbia researchers warn people to be careful .
users are asking for amounts up to $ 15,000 from donors .
he openly declares his loyalty to jihadist islamic state of iraq and the levant , or isis , on a facebook page .
 sex attacker broke in through an unlocked door in sydenham , bridgwater .
both britain and america have threatened to stop sharing their intelligence .
25 for the seahawks .
voorhies -lrb- lisa -rrb- reportedly battling bipolar disorder and is now a recluse .
 lolita who has spent most of her life at the miami seaquarium could be released under the endangered species act .
high street services are now offering bespoke products at bargain prices .
 fabiana palhares , 35 , was killed with a tomahawk on the gold coast .
nalbandian is the man behind the lego movie .
house speaker john boehner announced the plan on thursday during his weekly press conference .
bar staff have now captured footage they say proves ghoul 's existence .
car was kept in a barn for 21 years after being shipped to america in 1949 .
inspectors gave the exclusive members ' club a zero rating for hygiene .
more than 20 bb pellets removed from injured animal in new york .
 mayor steeve briois builds deterrent after series of violent robberies .
 the upper crust bakery had grime caked on floors and mouldy ceiling .
loose rat pellets and rodent droppings were found in the flour storage .
the hackers have been dubbed operation pawn storm after their tactics .
the malware runs on apple mobile devices to steal personal information .'
 bill montag released from jail on $ 50,000 bond .
caley and hazel were not involved in the chumney slayings , saidtom couts , a coshocton county sheriff 's detective .
voorhies -lrb- lisa -rrb- reportedly battling bipolar disorder and is now a recluse .
the 37-year-old says his footage has now helped secure 70 convictions .
he has three cameras on his bike and helmet and a very loud horn .'
former bbc chairman ` deeply concerned ' about impact of move on funding .
 hydrogen was found in larger quantities on slopes of the lunar south pole .
but he was told to change it for tracksuit top as it had a logo showing .
he went on to become the 20th century 's most prolific journalist-novelist .
such behaviour was thought to be a defining feature of human language .
 14-year-old suffers gerascophobia - an intense fear of ageing .
 arthur neal jr , 86 , was found stabbed multiple times in vacant home in detroit sunday .
candidate for hampstead & kilburn advised ` not to be associated ' with him .
humans , however , lack the hybrid protein that is produced by mole rats .
it can hold 12 worshippers and hosts regular church services .
latest images have a resolution of 8.5 miles -lrb- 14km -rrb- per pixel and were taken with distance of 90,000 miles .
nationwide outbreak has questioned the anti-vaccination movement .'
 rolf harris reportedly questioned at police station in stafford , staffordshire .
 usda inspectors say new pork inspection program is unsafe .
 david blunkett said it was unfair children made a fortune with inheritance .
last year he condemned isis for ` driving a wedge ' between jihadi groups .
 zimbabwe 's president tripped as he walked down steps at the airport .
she dialled 999 and told operator ` mummy 's a bit ill please can you help ? '
 the montana legislature is currently considering an anti-bullying bill .
told cops during an interview : ' a lot of it is diet and exercise '
 firefighters responding to a call out when an elderly man had a heart attack returned to his house and cleared his driveway after taking him to hospital .
they also found the list which had ` make bho ' as its first item .
 trevor mckendrick , a software entrepreneur , was raised as a mormon but eventually left the church .
 under michael gove , universities were to take ` ownership ' of a-levels .
last year she was told she should ` stop wearing black and browns '
after being rescued , some stranded travellers were put up in a local school .
writer anthony mccarten pledged to show a new side to the famous pm .
he started selling sharks on shapeways.com for $ 24.99 on tuesday .
two men jailed for 18 months each but fled during trial and still on the run .
it 's unclear as to what was happening when yang was shot by chadbourne .
but dash camera has three hours of recording from night of the incident .
 john smith fell through ice last month along with two of his friends and stayed under for 15 minutes .
she had been travelling with mother and sister when they stayed at his flat .
 boy began viewing online porn at home when he was just 12 years old .
judge said exposure to hardcore material turned schoolboy into predator .
taxpayers do not directly fund royals with money taken from crown estate .
 lisa hewitt said she was given warning 16 months after adopting colour .  '
disease was declared eliminated from the united states in 2000 .
 raptor hunting in scotland 's grampian mountains when it was attacked .
message suggested that parents should pay # 10 each towards the gifts .
owner patrice brennan posted videos of pee-wee on facebook .'
judge ruled that boy , two , has a right to be near his only biological parent .
money from the well was meant for charity children with leukaemia .
 jonathan gears was arrested january 16 at the university of washington .
isis spokesman has also used the internet to encourage would-be jihadis .
encourages them to be active joining her walking dog , beano .
oil-rich country spent # 160million on a painting by paul cezanne in 2012 .
on wednesday , jacobs asked a court for a protective order .
farage complains that protests are ` undemocratic ' as he axes walkabout .
her parents , marsha and carl mueller , both in their early 60s , run an auto-body repair shop .'
 heather mack , 19 , was transported to bali 's sanglah hospital .
 raja fayad , 45 , was gunned down at the columbia campus on thursday .
 royston jones , 39 , denies attempted murder of wife claire in her hospital .
event sold out in just 90 seconds with players from all over the world .
 albuquerque , new mexico , officer found the art in a condemned apartment .
design of invite hints it may be a next generation view-master toy .
she ` spat in her son 's face before hitting him on the head with a bottle ' .
 alexandre nzebele took up an ellen degeneres public ` dance dare ' .
mr nzebele claims nypd officers intimidated him and pushed him over .
he has three cameras on his bike and helmet and a very loud horn .
now , with bespoke hair replacement and new psychiatrist is recovering .
flu jab , which usually protects around 60 % of patients , only worked for 3 % .
all-star guard challenged the referee and was dished out a technical foul .
they said no employees had lost a tooth and added it had not been fried .
other cases involve plastic in chicken mcnuggets and ice cream sundaes .'
 animals locked up in rubbish strewn cage as part of macabre spectacle .
the new research shows they change with the seasons and earth 's orbit .
lara stone appears to be wearing plastic mask .
 gay couple daryl lee and luke harris enlisted help of 3 surrogate mothers .
she was arrested at heathrow airport before boarding a flight to ghana .
a full welsh breakfast is lowered down on a rope in the morning .
he told dailymail.com : ` i 'm happy as hell too now , i 'm looking forward to it ' .
price and ex-wife were about to leave with her 16-year-old daughter logan .
mother carey was arrested the children taken in by cps .'
laurette martin , 38 , posted graphic images of battered father-of-four jim .
married long term partner jim in a ` dream wedding ' days after the news .
 ` brilliant ' probation officer stacey mccarthy , 31 , ` destroyed ' her career .
 brand criticises australia 's offshore detention for asylum seekers .
 federal judge george o'toole ruled the jury selection was successful .
a panel of 12 jurors will decide if he is guilty , and if he will live or die .
authorities would not say whether the deaths were a murder-suicide .
all six defendants immigrated to the united states from bosnia .'
tmz reported the probe is focused on her partner nick gordon .
won the case against the anti-theist american humanist association .
the immigration spokesman said france needed to take responsibility .
purchased the former bank building 40 years ago as a home for his family .
 raja fayad , 45 , was gunned down at the columbia campus on thursday .
tattoo-clad chocolatier originally designed it for rolling stones party .
trigger mechanism fires two spoons of cocoa mix up diners ' nostrils .
 three women turned up to prison in skimpy lingerie and police costumes .
he arrived home to find two-month-old ava ` lifeless ' and drove to hospital .
he began to steal after getting into money troubles following his divorce .
 katrina smith and alan lane have been sleeping in the london airport .
after sharing their story , scores of kind strangers have come forward .
 training plane came within 40ft of rc aircraft in near collision .
 an australian filmmaker tested our foreigner friends on some aussie slang .
told belton 's family he had ` taken the life of another person ' .
she posted it on instagram after discussing issue with friends , she said .
 children with netherton syndrome suffer from chronic skin inflammation .
according to his mother , luke 's story can be verified by the facts .
 actress julia mckenzie required to show her ankles during film audition .
sandiford smuggled cocaine into indonesia and is set to face a firing squad .
experts speculate ash from sakurajima , japan , could have blown over .
 the animals were released by protesting farmers in a rennes supermarket .
 kaleena pysher , of alaska , gave birth to daughter , raylie , last november .
 names such as leicester square and worcester commonly mispronounced .
father greg wise revealed ` sausage factory ' education was n't for her .
several months later , last august , husband ben given devastating news .
had to be resusciated , suffered bleeding on the brain and heart problems .
villagers in jorhat , india , then tracked down and killed the endangered animal .
 michael le vell said to have told corrie co-stars that he watches porn .
named prince andrew and lawyer alan dershowitz among those involved .
red meat once a week is enough and recommended small glasses of wine .
at least 16 elderly residents were abandoned when staff and owners left .
manchester united lost 3-0 to liverpool on sunday .
been hidden since 1917 at booby 's bay , near .
 katie amos and fianc\xc3\xa9 lee johnston went to new york for four-day break .
a family member came forward after they recognised the red devil tattoo .
devil tattoo was found on the inner forearm found floating in river .'
 french giant , renault , will release new model to brits in autumn .
the suspect is a 34-year-old michigan man driving a dodge ram pickup .
survivor marcia mikhael claims ` there was nothing proactive ' about the police operation .
marcia mikhael suggests the army should have been called in instead .
victim john o'brien claims there were warning signs and the siege should have been prevented .
worked with harry fletcher at paladin national stalking advocacy service .
 judge roro suryowati has revealed her devastation over the execution .
 radil hebrich , 59 , stumbled into path of train in montreal .
scottish catholic international aid fund has donated # 63m to 15 countries .
 maxwell morton from pennsylvania has been accused of shooting ryan mangan .
carey allegedly kicked and headbutted police in a bid to keep her children .
rules do n't differentiate between deliberate non-compliers and accidents .
the 17-year-old was found lying on a street after ` targeted attack ' last night .
police have launched murder investigation and are appealing for witnesses .
 police have identified the shooter as 17-year-old tarod thornhill .
 figures reveal annual bbc spending soared by # 76,000 in last three years .
friends and teachers said she ` wanted to change the world ' .
 serial killer peter sutcliffe , 68 , was jailed for life for murdering 13 women .
held at broadmoor since being diagnosed with paranoid schizophrenia .
 elise clougherty , 24 , dated silicon valley exec joe lonsdale for a year .
 health secretary jeremy hunt announces a review of ` avoidable deaths ' .
whistleblowers to be offered training in how to speak out about care .
one of the robbers had put the teen in a chokehold and the second had punched him , they had also taken his cell phone .
 two men argued outside supperclub on hollywood boulevard on saturday .
they were arrested alongside australian peter greste in cairo last year .
shame on you ! '
 robin hope , 72 , was the oldest of the remaining hostages inside the lindt cafe .
 victims of immigration marriage fraud say home office is a ` shambles ' .
despite reports , many people including her parents believe she is alive .
fault line is ancient subsurface fault that has been reactivated .
elle macpherson and kerry packer have been accused of dodging taxes in switzerland .
a bbc investigation claims hsbc helped clients evade the taxman .
 animals were seized by russian troops as they annexed crimea in march .
the animals have been trained at the crimean state oceanarium for decades .
the mother-of-two was stabbed to death north of brisbane .
xiaofeng was involved in a crash two years ago and lost both his legs .
he balances himself on his arms in hospital to dance to little apple .
the money will go to his family to pay for his medical bills .'
 bruce sankey , 45 , had a sexual relationship with a girl for months and had sex with her at the pymatuning deer park in 2011 .
chapa was suspended and fined in 1994 as an apprentice for using a nail .
gentlemen 's club owner mr stringfellow mingled with ministers and pm .
more than 1,000 guests ranged from michael gove to nancy dell ` olio .
 prince charles has arrived in kuwait and has met with the emir .
 alien-looking creature was born on a farm in nanning in southern china .
outraged , she called hq to demand what would be done about her tooth .
teetotal jim murphy is a huge fan of scotland 's ` other ' national drink .
campaigned on branded irn-bru crates before independence referendum .
performer was bitten by animal and also suffered hairline fracture to pelvis .
 police say terry killings jr of wildwood , florida , was racing his atv .
last year he claimed the ` victorian ' contracts had no place in 21st century .
 raf tornados and hawks were flying in airspace above sunderland .
now she is facing extradition to honduras for her alleged role in the scam .'
 mexican police received tip-off about plot to kidnap police commander .
 indian woman sought fertility treatment and discovered she was 95 % male .
the name-a-roach program at the park was first launched in 2011 and people are apparently still coming out of the woodwork to participate .
 new easy-to-wear uniforms were supposed to be rolled out from january .
 anneliese young was arrested on january 27 after being caught shoplifting .
 sony has launched new beautyexplorer that maps condition of your skin .
before heart transplant he had stroke at 4 months old , left him with epilepsy .
 salesman dave dowdeswell , 48 , from portsmouth , has type 2 diabetes .
the 69-year-old moved into mobile home after her house was destroyed .
 the annual two-day festival of british railway modelling was held in doncaster , the spiritual home of railways .
she was arrested multiple times and was diagnosed with bipolar disorder .
englert will enter treatment and will be re-evaluated in june .
search and rescue teams were then called , taking 10 hours to find them .
they are reminded to deal with film-related queries with ` level of discretion ' .
decision taken to close hamburg with danger of overcrowding .
 proposed project would build 420-acre multimedia complex on plateau .
comes days after isis threw man off seven-storey building in raqqa after he was accused of having a ` homosexual affair '
the couple got engaged in december last year .
the answer is passing a budget .
she said the # 1,250 a day she was paid did n't even cover her expenses .
school closed on thursday and will not re-open until at least wednesday .
hours before his death he shared details of his final meal at hawksmoor .
75 new england patriots jersey while on vacation in the bahamas .'
pullman has been an instructor for 15 years and jumped 10,000 times .
his 16-year-old girlfriend and mother of the child has also been arrested .
institute of advanced motorists slams both the driver and the cyclist .
 the supermodel , 37 , and her husband alex mehran , have named their daughter cecilia kathryn .
is believed to be timing the appearances so she does n't bump into brown .
only ship available to respond was on south coast of england .
 elle told into the gloss that she loved to tan when she was younger .
 steve kuzj was reporting live for ktla when his clip was interrupted .
 italian court is hearing closing arguments in trial of francesco schettino .
gadget works as a regular microwave until the freeze button is switched .
it can also cool down food and drinks that are too hot to be consumed .
the time it takes to freeze food and drink depends on what is being frozen .
 om gorry , 36 , has been told to prepare to return to her native thailand .
movies .
 staff are entitled to extra money if they work unpredictable shift patterns .
payments have totalled more than # 187 million between 2009 and 2014 .
switzerland , norway , venezuela , iceland , australia , denmark were top 6 .
judge said knight will stay in jail until rescheduled hearing on march 20 .
video captured by piper 's father who asks piper about her sister .
but mr rivera 's girlfriend did not believe her partner had attacked an officer .
but the church has allowed reverend stephen sizer to remain a vicar .
several well-known tv presenters have also had their homes raided .'
lorraine hansberry and ralph ellison 's works read before publication .
he was pictured snuggling up to his new treemate tucker , 18-months-old .
cars zoom by as man dangerously clings on to windscreen wipers .'
town supervisors hope signs will deter crime .
their metal construction means they can not be used in a microwave safely .
jonchuck 's divorce lawyer called a florida hotline a day before tragedy to warn about his mental state .
he was airlifted to the royal children 's hospital in a critical condition .
a $ 300 machine can then replicate the card so it can be used elsewhere .
pictures show firefighters attempting to rescue him from the vehicle .
georgina bartter died from a suspected ecstasy overdose in november .
 helen carter , 40 , shared explicit messages and pictures with teenage pupil .
when officers arrived on the scene , thomas turned the fun on herself .
 anwar ibrahim was jailed for five years by malaysia 's highest court .
opposition leader had appealed sodomy conviction handed down last year .
the foreign affairs minister reportedly does not get along with peta credlin .
deputy mayor for policing said the justice system needs to ` up its game '
30-year-old was out of action almost all of last year with bad knee injury .
teenager , named locally as sacha wheeler , pronounced dead at the scene .
she developed drug habit as teenager but had been sober for 20 years .
femail tested the capsule wardrobe over a weekend in the countryside .
his five-year-old brother israel jr , ` jay ' , was stabbed to death .
cold could kill one person every seven minutes with one million elderly people unable to heat homes , age uk warns .
doctors suspect he died of myocarditis - a rare inflammation of the heart .'
but when sat in his loftus road seat , a commentary box blocked his view .
they have been at the property for months and seen fewer than ten people .
 a 22-year-old woman was shot in the chest , police confirmed .
investigations will instead be carried out by another , specialist unit .
he 's in london on a trade mission representing his state government .
miliband admitted at the weekend that he is not a ` brilliant morning person ' .
but oliver tumbled down road for 45ft after attempting dangerous stunt .
used data from the cdc and showed a 12-year peak in firearm suicides in 2013 .
the highlight of the event is a snuggle party where about 100 will cuddle with each other in one room .
 two men were arrested in western sydney on tuesday .
passengers will be contacted a day before if bid was successful or not .
 the kennedys ' property in northern virginia , wexford house , was completed in 1963 , shortly before jfk 's assassination .
 plane was evacuated after landing at tulsa international airport in the us .
teen 's body was discovered in the back garden on october 24 .
papa john 's refuse to name delivery guy , but say he has been disciplined .
 ellen and stephen debruin divorced in 2010 after 20 years of marriage .
mother-of-three was forced to start claiming benefit payments after split .
 zimbabwe 's president tripped as he walked down steps at harare airport .
service will be available at the majority of shell 's 1,000 uk petrol stations .
billionaire then bought rights to the property for $ 1.7 m , a ` discount rate ' .
they had lived in the home for 40 years and lost everything they owned .'
some believe the girl had the extremely rare ` fetus in fetu ' condition .
 the duke and duchess of cambridge flew home to the uk today .
were seen boarding a british airways plane at st. lucia 's airport .
comes after a neighbour won court order banning pet from making a noise .
it is alleged the man took a sum of cash from staff at mcdonalds on saturday .
 yang yang and his cousin were playing when they found the shotgun .
 group of teens has mercilessly mocked rich kids of instagram account .
 jon stewart announced he is leaving his job as host of the daily show during a taping of the program on tuesday .
 study by university of texas .
found women blame men for problems in relationships .
currently the mini sub is attached to the hms astute , docked in gibraltar .'
creation of london-based dessert company the licktators .
the chocolate-based oat treats are gluten-free , all-natural and vegan .'
dogs were rounded up and killed with their bodies laid out in the road .
but plans dropped after widespread criticism from public and muslims .
his girlfriend laura simmons is not a fan of the bbc comedy show .
memphis police department has a backlog of 12,000 untested rape kits .
 enid jones had lived in terraced home in aberyswth , wales , for a decade .
heptathlete , 29 , says it will feature ` ropes , chains and pain ' .
posted by ` mandate of nineveh ' office , which has links to terror group isis .
 official claims alberto nisman 's death part of ` coup d'etat ' .
the event at buckingham palace celebrated the couple 's charity work .
eddie ray routh , 27 , is on trial in the february 2013 gun range killings of kyle and littlefield .
 judges made ruling on case of mechanic who groped cleaner in workplace .
he has been on the run since a violent brawl in broadbeach in 2013 .
 the midi skirt will be your wardrobe staple for winter and this spring .
the puppet show will target russell brand and nigel farage , among others .
 claudia schiffer and helena christensen were big on the 1990s party scene .
it was carried 210 miles above earth before firing its own thrusters .
then , in 2012 , he bumped into barry rosamund unexpectedly in london .
 dave hartnett was agency 's tax chief when it was handed details in 2010 .
reported they have been moved to stop isis infiltrating the country .
her solicitor claims she is haunted by her marriage to james packer .
father anthony benjamin grove was arrested and charged with murder .
she complemented child for being polite , pleasant and well-behaved .
this as stewart has announced he is leaving the program later this year .
mr rottman ` attached himself to the couple ' during their visit , says source .
both suffered shock but avoided serious injury in accident .
construction particularly hard hit as companies forced to turn down work .
 father-of-four john dehlin , 45 , runs the website mormonstories.org .
but he and his wife received threatening letter from victory housing trust .
the penguins can be poisoned if they try to clean the oil off their feathers .
judge would not explain why a juror had been dismissed .
doctors found a large mass on her liver and pancreas .
 the perfections of stradivarius violins were created by error , it is claimed .
the former new york knicks star will will have the misdemeanor charge dropped if he does 32 hours of community service .
 phoebe oliver paid building firm , who hired sub-contractor for windows .
` before i was treading through life - now i live in the moment , ' she said .
she claims rape took place at knifepoint as her partner lay next to her .
at 15-years-old she decided to have her leg amputated to beat the disease .
albitz claimed keener shouted insults at her and then spat in her face .
the two women had to be pulled apart after the brawl , captured on video .
 principals have raised issues about dealing with radicalism in schools .
 players have a one-in-seven chance of being electrocuted by the weapon .
 islamic state of iraq and syria militants reportedly stoned girl to death .
the woman also has children .'
 ukip leader nigel farage will make first big election speech in essex today .
in some parts of birmingham more than 80 % of school pupils are muslim .
almost half of the country 's muslim population was born in the uk .
melanie started writing raunchy novels when her sons were teenagers .
 zenna atkins , 49 , was ofsted chairman for four years until 2010 .
 courtney topic was shot dead by police on tuesday .
 katie the monkey was born two years before kendall , 19 .'
the plane took off destined for the turks and caicos islands .
 amanda hacche 's baby son devon swallowed a lithium-ion battery .
but mr miliband stopped short of accusing lord fink of being ` dodgy '
in other tests the researchers offered two pieces and removed one of them .
 brusthom ziamani was caught with knife , hammer and flag in bag last year .
 bryn parry-jones , 62 , was leased porsche for pembrokeshire council role .
it absorbs uv energy during the day so it can glow through the night .
mother-of-one , 42 , rang 911 and told officers she had murdered him .
but an attorney for the company denied the accusations and said they would appeal the decision .
 mps yegor sobolev and vadim ivchenko were involved in a full-blown fight .
ivan dixon and paul robertson created an arcade-style interpretation .
 pope francis told crowd couples who do n't have children are ` selfish ' .
mrs cureton was arrested over incident in york county , south carolina .
 austrian-built kormaran can transform into six different shapes in total .
 russia , ukraine , france and germany agreed ceasefire terms in minsk .
 mp says two vip child abuse whistleblowers may have been ` murdered ' .
75-year-old claimed the mother of one of his accusers supported him .
 markus kaarma was sentenced thursday to 70 years in prison , with no parole for at least 20 years , in the shotgun killing of diren dede .
but clip was computer generated by ellen degeneres and her team .
the row comes after labour was criticised for unveiling a pink battle bus .
she said that mr abbott was doing a great job of being her father .
people can record messages on a custom phone in the mardi gras parade .
the messages will be passed onto their federal mp representative .'
 tiffany davies , 23 , was born a boy called niall but is currently transitioning .
an investigation found one scientist 's trial got # 200k from coca-cola .
 knox was engaged last week to musician colin sutherland , who she 's known since middle school .
one victim , margaret wallace , 64 , had been out celebrating her birthday .
players have to build flat-pack furniture without an instruction manual .
 nanette lovell had withdrawn cash for her weekly shop at her local tesco .
ivanovic also had the everton midfielder in a headlock .
read : mourinho threatens to walk off after questioned about ivanovic .
locals believe yazidis are exacting revenge on muslims who helped isis .
the 56-year-old strict school policy made him feel ` like a paedophile ' .
she revealed parents at her daughters ' school asked for costly gifts .
but new research shows that one in four british parents feel the same .
 kyle kraska , 48 , was shot while in mercedes insan diego .
a past client said he pulled a gun on him because they ` owed money ' .
 jodhi meares fianc\xc3\xa9 has been accused of assaulting the fashion designer .
doctor jailed for nine indecent assaults on patients and two rapes .
 lori barchers ' daughter , hope , 17 , died after inhaling the cleaner .
she began dabbling in drugs by the age of 13 and escalated to huffing .
they dumped the pots on the 20mph city centre road to slow down traffic .
other notable aussie inventions include vegemite and the hills hoist clothesline .
in exchange movie star was branded ` minimal talent spoiled brat ' .
hodge was killed by police after emerging from house with handgun .
but paddington was closed all morning and king 's cross all day .
police say digs at hadrian 's wall are robbing britain of cultural heritage .
a liver transplant could save their lives - but mr wagner could only help one .
he faces 10 years in prison and a fine of up to # 1million if he is convicted .
detectives are trying to determine where and when the man was shot .'
 the website was created by michigan-based programmer luke rehmann .
 victorian ombudsman deborah glass slammed the inspectors for using ` excessive force ' .
it 's the lowest level since the man made lake was filled in 1937 .
her son greg lachimia posted the video online this week of her trying to ask the voice-recognition application for the time in italy .
gadget join together to sing an ` android chorus ' in unison .
he had been in the hospital for a couple of hours for routine check-up .
nine entertainment co would not comment on ms rinehart 's legal action .
 foreign minister hector timerman brushes aside uk 's rhetoric .
 revealed in army memo , the therapy will let manning become a woman .
paella is spain 's national dish because it was general franco 's favourite .
qantas passengers can now bid online to be upgraded but only if invited .
countdown words expert 's age has been wrong in interviews for years .
archconfraternity of the departed had refused to respect sanctity of tombs .
the australian prime minister warned the search ca n't go on indefinitely .
steve shepherd , from melbourne shares his professional do 's and do n'ts .
the dead tree , paid for by supermarket and the council , cost up to # 60,000 .
urged government to pay more attention to threats at home .
took firefighters over 20 minutes to remove them from inside the vehicle .
 marie holmes , 26 , of shallotte , won $ 188million after buying ticket .
the 30-year-old had served with greater manchester police for 10 years .
her civil rights leader father was assassinated in february 1965 at age 39 .
ramsay was on a court-ordered curfew but was not wearing electronic tag .
punched teen after he asked for a light in mcdonald 's , middlesbrough .
most common in children aged two to eight and is treated with antibiotics .'
or try a civilised champagne afternoon tea at the fabulous crosby hotel .
every episode since is a figment of his imagination .
this may have sparked myths about the greek god hades , said exerts .
she said having sex was a ` mistake ' and ended relationship shortly after .
 justin welby apologises for british bombing of dresden in world war ii .
problem so bad that a gynaecologist could not carry out an examination .
 unnamed 22-year-old man died of bullet wound to neck after night in hospital .
tesco 's louis delaunay champagne is on half price until 17 february .
the two men are being protected from other prisoners in silverwater jail .
 worldwide protests followed kidnapping of 270 girls by boko haram .
she is one of a few ` giants ' that will walk perth 's cbd this weekend .
sale comes after the actress died aged 89 in august 2014 .'
but salem city council decided to adopt them to warn joggers of the owl .
father says ` as long as they are here it is god 's will ; we will care for them ' .
she was given a verbal request to step down but no reason why .
his wife kim kardashian arrived wearing the designs .
 victoria rowell starred in 2,000 episodes of the young and the restless .
 kevin rudd 's foul-mouthed rant went viral after it was uploaded in 2012 .
 couple set to wed at ` stunning period property ' on the isle of wight .
guests at intimate ceremony will include actor 's co-star keira knightley .
 study was conducted by cnrs-gate and university of california experts .
the actress said : ` it 's a world you ca n't imagine .
the script is expected to fetch $ 1.5 million when it is auctioned off in april .
he was asked to appear by snp-supporting film producer tasmina sheikh .
 harry was pictured enjoying a luxury ski break in verbier .
eight assailants were killed , as were two iraqi soldiers .
when she got there found one of her puppies beheaded on the doorstep .
the image of the melbourne tradie with his newly adopted puppy went viral .
victim was asleep when johnson began punching and hacking at him .
shed 13st after the operation but was left with mounds of saggy skin .
 truck careered out of control before the crash in bath this week .
 craig whitelaw and kristofer mclaren used their victim ` as a plaything ' .
the school agreed the question was not appropriate and will be changed .
ceremony held on same beach he had honeymooned on with first wife .
 toy is a collaboration between mattel and google and will cost $ 30 -lrb- # 20 -rrb- .
before reality tv darren jolly had a successful career in the afl .
he is now speaking out about his terrifying ` brain illness ' and the surgery .
the ex-outfielder for the yankees turned coach for lakewood high school .'
secretly-filmed footage has since gone viral .'
the student who gives the announcement was told not to say it anymore .
but he has been granted a parole hearing which could lead to his release .
 andrew liptak , 73 , has just taken off when the co-pilot door opened .
colorado legalized recreational marijuana a little over a year ago .'
 stephane cazenave told he is not allowed to open bakery all week round .
furious cazenave blasts : ` working should n't be a crime in france '
 shane campbell took on darren boyle in a recent mma match .
he wants sickness benefits cut for those with ` treatable ' conditions .
the report said that growth in france was non-existent - unlike the uk .'
 woman , 23 , and man , 19 , ` planned to storm mall in halifax with firearms ' .
it is understood the document opposes the trident nuclear deterrent .
the controversial document is also in favour of closer eu integration .
the 74-year-old said her feather and triangle print was copied for topshop .
users can download designs or use their own picture .
appearing on weekend today , she had four bachelors to choose from .
they are now working with authorities to stamp out human trafficking .
the new zealand woman is a weight-loss blogger and has 20,000 followers .
they raped the woman at a flat in lincoln after meeting her in a nightclub .
judge ruled specialists can stop chemotherapy at court of protection .
alaa died at the scene of crash ; driver was not charged and was cleared of any wrongdoing .
newlyweds lie in coffin together and are ` brought back to life ' by monks .
levy , goron , lipman and the three children live in the apartment together .'
he then blamed u.s. efforts which had forced trafficking over land .
she filmed the reactions of her family and friends as she broke the news .
they include waterlove , breakfast at twickenham and romsey and juliet .
14 people have been arrested after ` trying to blow up presidential palace ' .
cruiser sank shortly after collision in october 2012 - leaving 39 dead .
pleasure cruiser skipper lai sai-ming guilty of endangering lives at sea .'
 carmen boyce , 35 , will have to undergo mental health help but will avoid jail .
thomas was out on $ 50,000 bail when he was picked up on suspicion of murdering his aunt and shooting his cousin .
prime minister tony abbott has called out the country 's double standards .
 mark stapleton was ` shocked ' to discover his best friend was still married .
he claims he was duped after adrian linham assured him he was divorced .
mrs meyers was shot in the head and is not expected to survive .'
on thursday , islamic state announced they had another israeli-arab spy .
 ashley mcdaniel of ocean springs , mississippi was arrested on drug charges after her 3-year-old child called police on monday .
mcdaniel was charged with child neglect and possession of marijuana and the child was placed into the custody of the department of human services .'
 half of brits admit to checking work e-mails while on holiday , while a third regret spending so much time on them .
event runs until february 19 .'
thor sprung into action after the intruder shoved ireland .
pit bull-boxer mix nipped at his hand before biting both sides of his face .
 the 32-year-old was arrested at an address in newham , east london .
msu has lost three of five games that went into overtime this season .
response was incredible - sick children received a massive 70,000 cards .
study shows those on benefit were 5 % more likely to find employment .
james has boasted he will be out ' a month or two before they get me ' .
 house of hancock aired on sunday with a ` fictionalised ' disclaimer .
 jury selection for the trial began in january .
about # 10m from proceeds of selling flowers will go to military charities .
mr cummins will announce a new project involving tulips next month .'
 harry westlake bellowed the national anthem before twickenham match .
under-7s player now wants to be an england fly-half when he grows up .
hovis loaves now cost 75p while own brands priced at just 55p per loaf .
 gym owner susan oliver , 48 , attacked at her home in scunthorpe in august .
the toddler died on february 6 at her boyfriend 's house in louisiana .
her father was repeatedly jailed and she has struggled financially .
the fishing vessel had 26 crew members abroad but all were unharmed .
banks in about 30 countries have been affected , security company says .'
she checked by medics and left the plane , which originated in mexico .
hollingshead , from nebraska , recalls moment he captured twin lightning bolts in black hills , south dakota .
this video features a coconut on bhramharamba 's neck being smashed by her husband with a machete .
the dad , 39 , was believed to be the driver and was trapped for two hours .
but pair say in most cases , ` patient-targeted googling ' is unacceptable .
an indonesian meth manufacturer and supplier evaded the death penalty .
jennifer lentini , 31 , was a hospitalized teen suffering from a heart muscle disease when she received the transplant .
an indonesian meth manufacturer and supplier evaded the death penalty .
prime minister tony abbott has called out the country 's double standards .
before he could catch a wave , he was speared in the head by a long-board .
nbc telecast was beating abc by identical numbers just last week .
 craig hicks , 46 , accused of shooting three young muslims in argument over parking spaces .
they subjected these shells - or silica spheres - to extreme temperatures .
 ministry of defence armed officers now outside gchq in cheltenham 24/7 .
 police were called to glasgow 's west end on saturday night after incident .
took to runway in wheelchairs alongside other famous models .
warns pollution is 29 times higher at traffic lights where cars rev engines .
templestowe college has been using the practice for four years .
20-year-old was pregnant with her second child at the time of the smash .
 boris would be ` happy to help ' in eu talks about britain 's membership .
instagram users also shared photos of their plane on the tarmac at aspen .
 smuggled cigarettes worth nearly # 11,000 found at birmingham shop .
politician continued by saying she was on the right side of the velvet rope .
he claimed he was forced into wheelchair and won 1.2 million euro payout .
but he was seen driving , renovating his villa and carrying heavy cement .
 michelle , 46 , from north wales was abandoned by her husband of 20 years .
toddler watched mother victoria beckham 's show in new york on sunday .
the restaurant server and aspiring singer is described as very reliable and responsible .
the mother-of-two was on channel 5 's benefits britain last year .
he impressed jodi thompson , 23 , but was late for their cinema date .
despite extensive investigation , a # 20,000 reward and bbc crimewatch appeal , her killer has never been found .
 vista hospital in winchfield , hampshire was investigated in november .
 margaret gettings has been charged with assault by beating over incident .
bartlett turned up to the mans house and allegedly robbed him .
expected to be a huge money-saver for the family as utility bills will come to just $ 50 a month .'
it skidded and crashed in an accident in enola , harrisburg , pennsylvania .
# 1.6 million campaign by visitbritain in bid to attract more overseas visitors .
father , 39 , was believed to be the driver and was trapped for two hours .
she added : ' i have an english gcse but maybe i should stay out of politics ' .
as miss worrall 's fame spread , people leapt to her defence online .
prices start # 40,000 -lrb- $ 61,000 -rrb- plus # 5,000 -lrb- $ 7,600 -rrb- for installation .
their intended use was to depict ` patients with developing conditions ' .
travel bloggers rave about it being ' a pearl of nature ' and ` picture perfect ' .
clip shows antisemitism is rife in city as he is intimidated and even spat at .
 trading standards launched crackdown on illegal fake wine and spirits .
brenner also spoke of being seduced by dolly , who rubbed herself on him .
 the mars one mission aims to establish a colony on the red planet .
criminals hacked bank staff computers and impersonated workers online .
they purchased it for their friend jono who never showed to eat it .
such words are often used by people who have suffered trauma .
 it worker visited drive-through store in south wales and ordered a latte .
when she removed the lid because it tasted strange she found blood inside .
 unborn baby gives ` thumbs up ' gesture from womb during ultrasound scan .
the gold coast woman 's receipt said her available balance was $ 9,990,420 .
it causes her to have up to five seizures a day which can last 30 minutes .
the gold coast woman 's receipt said her available balance was $ 9,990,420 .
he said isis ` truly represents kind of a whole new face in the war on terrorism ' ; they must ` be met tooth and nail with everything we 've got ' .
the serial road-rager is seen pulling over and getting out of his car .
wants to see cheryl fernandez-versini wearing her designs .'
he was rushed to hospital and diagnosed with a cancerous brain tumour .
mr gebruers was dealt the devastating blow he only had two years to live .
exclusive flats in mumbai , india , will be designed by giorgio armani .
 nanna 's one kg pack of raspberries have now been recalled as precaution .
but deliveries did not quite meet expectations - and some failed to arrive .
 valentine 's day swoop was the first dedicated close flyby of the mission .
but this has since been dubbed ` cruel ' , ` wrong ' and potentially unethical .
emerges woman he thought was his wife had been passing on intelligence .
 customers complained that price rose to # 79 a year after free trial expired .
many of the church 's features remain - including ornate stained-glass windows , a pulpit and the founder 's tomb .
 esther mcvey said ` yes ' when asked if she wanted to be prime minister .
she made the admission on itv 's loose women this afternoon .
the west is experiencing much higher than average winter temperatures .
she was confronted by her managers for being a member of a ` poly ' group .
william dehayes was showing off a revolver ` gunslinger-style ' at the time .
 a german man aged 93 is facing 170,000 counts of accessory to murder .
the baby was just 19-days-old but escaped serious injury .
shocking piece of parking happened in multi-storey in nottingham .
neither child was injured in the crash and both are in care of their mother .
woman in 20s was watching thundamentals perform on february 8 .
the most infections were seen in iran , followed by russia , pakistan , afghanistan , china , mali , syria , yemen and algeria .
he predicted boris johnson would be pm because he had a personality .
rose passed report to ministers last year but it has not yet been published .
bushell has subjected his neighbours to 40 years of harassment over issue .
 alexandra klimenko killed as she picked up her daughter from nursery .
i 'd have to take a number and wait my turn , ' said frequent fox news guest brad thor .
visitor heng wan said : ` she really is a wonderful and remarkable woman '
 emma and nick stephens-dunn wanted to renovate 16th century home .
but after dispute with planners over roof tiles they decided to sell up .
police say search could take some time but there is no evidence of ` any sort of international terror plot ' .
 stuart brookes first visited his gp after noticing a lump on his right knee .
rich tested positive on a preliminary breath test , and her eyes were bloodshot and watery , according to authorities .
 mexican police arrested three leading gulf cartel members near texas .
 kate matrosova , 32 , found dead in new hampshire mountains on monday .
she noticed head wrapped in green leaves as she began steaming spinach .
chip attached to led pings a device and measures the resulting signal .
wilson has previously revealed she is against mandatory bike helmet laws .
 isis are selling 10,000-year-old antiques for as much as $ 1 million each .
she says she eats a balanced diet and has not had a big mac for five years .
no internet , shower , running water , central heating or phone signal .
scientists have been attempting to explain their origin since the 1870s .
freedom of information request revealed it took place in essex in 2013 .
 most british supermarkets are buying in pigs stunned with carbon dioxide .
 queen maxima , 43 , was visiting the veenkoloniaal museum in veendam .
she allegedly squirted it into son christopher 's mouth from syringe .
 alevtina kapustina , 34 , spun out of control on a snow-covered road .
other names include time of day , mineral waters and zebra lynes .
debate will now have to be settled by test valley borough council .
an officer found the pair in zambenedetti 's car , where he was shirtless .
his father jonny filmed himself pretending button would eject his son .
potent scopolamine - known as ` the devil 's breath ' - incapacitates victims .
the memorial service was only for bob simon 's family and close friends .
but they split up months before death of mr channell from peterborough .
as father-of-two turned to leave turford , 32 , stabbed him three times .
pelvic floor muscles can weaken and they may suffer from incontinence .
vet scanned the cat 's microchip and contacted his owner susan macdonald .
terence kongolo has impressed for feyenoord this season .
sergio aguero and stevan jovetic did n't train but are fit to play .
 almost 500,000 people had their jobseeker 's allowance stopped last year .
says she ` did her time ' at the show and would not return .
 the collection of postcards was found in a drawer in north london .
told her mother she felt different and like she did n't fit in .
after a fight with her date , alonso stormed out at 3.45 am and drove off .
doctors have identified the ` source ' patient responsible for the bug .
he claims the nazi death camp is ` inspiring ' and will help ` clarify confusion ' .
bystanders dragged the driver from his car and assaulted him .
running an antivirus app will spot and remove the malware .
 official from u.s. central command says mission begin in april or may .
merle fitzpatrick had been a beauty queen in her younger years .
 a doggy daycare van was hijacked at gunpoint in chicago , illinois wednesday afternoon .
 freddie smith , 26 , also had his drivers ' license suspended for a year and must pay $ 1,400 in fines .
it is not clear if iva pulled the door down or if it was blown over by a gust of wind - but it fell on her and she was found face-down on the ground .
now jihadis and their supporters are widely mocking cnn 's accusations .
she left no will and prints of her photos have sold for thousands of dollars .
 real estate agent levi turner whipped his shirt off for a property add .
 hidemyphone !
she says she ` cried all day ' and ` did n't get out of bed for a few days ' .
she said her father lee freedman 's angry tweet was out of love for her .
 susan mills had desperately fought for her life against her husband glenn .
 betty sexton was shot in the chest on tuesday in gastonia , north carolina .
ms sexton was reportedly holding a musket at the time of the shooting .
he said he attaches it to the tow bar of his car when he is at work .
his local council recently told him to remove it as he did not own a permit .
warns officers have become ` ethically numb ' and urges quick action .
 david cameron said nicola sturgeon was ` up for ' coalition with miliband .
comment from pm abbott that indonesia reciprocate favours was criticised .
 russell and shirley dermond , who had been married 62 years , were savagely murdered at their georgia lakefront home last may .
the 39-year-old attacked the nurse at nevill hall hospital in abergavenny .
claims she was told she must attend as it was no reason to skip jury duty .
pair had been chatting and laughing when last train hit at around 55mph .
she then jumped out of seat and stuffs meat into her coat and backpack .
5 of the 10 worked on fantasy franchises star wars and lord of the rings .'
charles : victim or villain claimed princess diana had the first affair .
principal gretchen schlag and others staff followed him onto the streets .
they submitted plans to demolish orangery in grounds of # 7m mansion .
has undergone multiple operations and chemotherapy sessions .
 carl attar was stuck hanging upside down from a window for five hours .
 archway sheet metal works loses court battle against tottenham stadium .
# 32 contour perfection range promises to restore fullness .
 hsbc bankers to be awarded # 2.2 bn in bonuses despite tax controversy .
it has now been located just 15 miles from burma 's border with india .
experts say it is an ` alarming ' development and an ` enormous threat ' .
nine in ten consider pet a fully fledged member of the family .
 rebecca harris was stunned to be told she could n't put work on facebook .
doctors said robertson would n't make it one week .
the administrator colored in the line in the boy 's hair with a dark marker .
 indonesian authorities have delayed the execution of the ` bali two ' .
stabbed his two roommates and their friend in their shared apartment .
her coupons and savvy shopping have saved her parents # 1,000 .
 the stars have been wowed by a new development in the heart of tel aviv .
potentially lethal arsenal included guns , knuckle dusters , and knives .
hours later , he was arrested on suspicion of murder for the ` rage killing ' .
he was booked at bexar county jail ; his bond has been set at $ 1million .
a further 30 elderly patients were treated at the scene for smoke inhalation .
family have now asked for independent autopsy as police investigate .
four-year-old chloe died from head injuries and had bruises all over her body after being forced to ride a motorbike around her backyard .
the 33-year-old was arrested and taken to the police station .
two-and-a-half-page story is about detective and watson 's visit to the town .
 damien clairmont , 22 , was killed fighting for isis in syria in 2014 .
no.
 anita foz , 72 , was killed in the quiet town of colleyville , texas , in september .
it also showed that introverts are less likely to depend on their phones .'
 west brom striker saido berahino is rated at around # 25million .
hopkins , 40 , wrote about the star : ` did she eat all of her backing singers ? '
 23-year-old muhammed sheglabo fled from perth to fight for islamic state .
crystal ski holidays has recovered a number of eccentric items this season .
 workers found toiling on building sites , in mines , and in restaurants .
on friday harris was extradited to mississippi to serve his sentence .
 ashlee buratti invited her son 's 16 classmates to celebrate his sixth birthday .
he was also convicted and fined for assaulting his father in law in 2010 , it has been reported .
 girls are still being targeted in rotherham despite abuse scandal revelation .
town 's labour mp sarah champion claims she has spoken to new victims .
means former web designer has the potential to be the father of 55 children .
no internet , shower , running water , central heating or phone signal .
 dubai airport recently named world 's busiest for international travel .
 euro fallen by 13 per cent since some tour operators ' prices were fixed last year .
 mark rylance drives around south london in a # 10,000 electric g-wiz car .
 keira knightley is nominated for her role in weinstein 's the imitation game .
eventually , the principal let him share the photo with her and her dog .
 celebrity chef annabel karmel , 51 , is petite , fine-boned and glamorous .
 stars of the only way is essex stayed at the luxurious roca nivaria gran hotel at costa adeje .
his disappearance sparked a massive police search and investigation .
instructor 's plane hurtled to earth and was destroyed - while he ejected .
it comes after tony abbott 's comments on wednesday .
chief executive david mcnulty earns # 70,000 more than david cameron .
 dame esther rantzen spotting on family outing with grandchild teddy .
 peter atem , 32 , allegedly knifed danny vaquez , 25 , while at work .
astonauts barry wilmore and terry virts are tackling the job that needs to be completed before new american-made crew capsules can dock .
at stake for the florida congresswoman is the possibility of a senate bid .
 western lowland gorilla kivu was pictured at paignton zoo , in devon .
the flavours include redskin , pine lime , and mango passionfruit .
 jesus isidor-mendoza , 18 , went missing october 22 in tacoma .
they also claim she was under the influence of drugs the morning she was discovered .
 radamel falcao has not played for manchester united for the last month .
they are made of unique pewter alloy , then coated successively in copper , nickel , silver - and finally 24-carat gold .
after being put in handcuffs , the unmarried woman was taken off premises .
 51 % would vote to leave , while 49 % of people would choose to stay .
negotiations are underway and the facility has been placed on lockdown .
ms mcaveeney , 28 , posted his plight on facebook and received donations .
but in 2005 , signs were removed as some complained they were offensive .
homeowner sam firth estimated it was between 16 and 18 inches long .
he has said he credits father for giving him values that led him to success .
then in january he revealed that he is gay .
was using them daily for 10 years after becoming addicted to tanning .
 courtney velasques , 19 , was arrested at his home in texas on friday .
 scientists at mod research centre explored use of ebola as bio weapon .
after visiting marrakech years ago as a reporter carol was keen to return .
but court of appeal has overturned decision and said it can not be used .
` the vanilla ice project ' reinvented van winkle as a renovation king .
 number of child kidnappings in britain increased by a fifth in the last year .
 single mother kay bird , 28 , is on benefits and lives with her parents .
as well as his new role , rami has received thousands of adoption offers .
allegedly shot bernard mcginley , 63 , near church in northern ireland .
he says aids began near southeastern edge of cameroon around 1908 .
she claims other parties preach ` consumption ' and says we are ` in danger ' .
 bbc three counties host iain lee played blue mink 's hit melting pot .
 johnson made his remarks on cnn 's state of the union program .
the suspect is in critical condition and has been taken to an area hospital .'
operation saw the guard extracted , tomb destroyed and remains moved .
recommended amount of sleep is nine hours a night for adolescents , according to columbia university study .
he said it will take a couple of days to recover from the shock .
told them to smash up windows and computers to turn off ` silent fire alarm ' .
the paedophile will be sentenced at southwark crown court this month .
the art teacher takes up to 20 hours to create each picture .
cost was more than rail fare for bercow and aide to go to lancaster .
a student had come to school wearing a pull-up diaper , which is against the rules , and hahn did not remove it .
her father daniel , 31 , applied a savlon ` hydrocolloid ' plaster .
it 's believed the driver of felix 's car was dui and ran a red light .
doctors said they suspected 10-year-old was suffering a virus .
 chan and sukumaran have had their final appeal for clemency dismissed .
little girl remains in a serious condition after suffering head injuries .
 mark thorne 's platinum ring fell into weymouth harbour during a call-out .
businesswoman michelle moore believes vaccines ` have a place '
erich nowsch , 19 , is now facing charges of murder and attempted murder .
lawyer conrad claus is questioning details provided by the meyers family .
 peter boslikouski allegedly smoked ice before crashing his car in sydney .
also more likely to have pre-diabetes and metabolic syndrome .
 american sniper wins oscar for best sound editing .
 travel agencies said they have been told the event is closed to tourists .
demanded both international and ukrainian trials for all those responsible .
 356,000 australians are estimated to currently have chlamydia in australia .
` assimilation guides program ' set to help integrate new arrivals .
when a message is received on the phone , it also appears on the watch .
his team director said he suffered concussion during accident but is ` fine ' .
high court judge has now upheld earlier ruling that she should get a job .'
 divers discovered the fossils in caves in tsimanampesotse , madagascar .
 crown street surgery in swinton has the longest waiting list in england .
patients seeking non-urgent appointments face a four week wait .
he is one of 30 people being investigated for their roles at horror camp .
leysath was sentenced for a 2008 murder after strangling to death his then girlfriend jasmine nicole clark , 23 , following a domestic dispute .
thugs , 22 and 19 , were jailed for a year after admitting attempted robbery .
the gown was modeled by today show host natalie morales live on air on this morning 's show .
 low pay commission announces planned rises for october this year .
steven trice fell overboard when trying to reattach the boat 's towline .
he claimed he thought friend was ` showing off ' and was in fact in egypt .
 beverley neville , 58 , from herts , married raymond , 55 , in 1997 .
this is thanks to ` groundbreaking ' electrical implant on man 's spinal cord .
police found her strangled body under roberts 's bed on saturday .
joined for the event by prince albert and her brother gareth wittstock .'
 raf jet fighter can be seen approaching the russian tu-95 ` bear h ' .
the puppy dubbed phoenix was 5-month-old but weighing only 19lbs .
 the international cocoa quarantine centre -lrb- icqc -rrb- is based near london .
 martha nagbe , from lisbon , ended up in court for praying too loudly .
oldham magistrates ' court fined aslam # 2,200 with # 2,600 in costs .
five workers were rushed to the hospital - one of them in critical condition .
 huang chu , 45 , saw children had strapped a live sparrow to a firework .
it took her between a half an hour and an hour to wrap up the bathroom .
` esperance stonehenge ' was valued at $ 5 million when it hit the market .
sir bruce , who lives in # 4m house , described levy as ' a bit over the top '
49-year-old insisted his labour opponent was ` institutionally racist ' .
he had arrived 11 weeks early during his parents ' holiday to the big apple .
now his ecstatic parents have finally been able to bring their baby home .
she spent six months in a wheelchair and will never regain strength in leg .
putin ` spoofed ' the flight data and landed the plane in kazakhstan .
 joseph ward was taken to hospital in wolverhampton after a fall .
 new reality series sex box premieres friday at 10pm on we tv .
couples enter a sound-proof box to have sex .
they emerge and speak with three experts about their relationship issues .
but instead he hit neighbour derek szostok , knocking him to the ground .
the # 31 receptable can also be used to store other distracting items .'
authorities have threatened to ban the man from thailand if they find him .
 philip cox and his wife karen had booked ibiza stay with thomson .
 some say foreigners benefit from more experience using hairspray .
she was punched in the head and strangled in attack last september .
devastated locals were leaving candles at the scene of the shootings .
copper sulphate , found in drain unblocker , was used to make blue crystals .
 last month scott disick landed a fine for a drunken party in a aspen hotel .
 ian phillips , 43 , had a blinding headache and drove himself to hospital .
today 750 people attended funeral including pm helle thorning-schmidt .
 aydian dowling , 27 , was asked to recreate the iconic photo of adam levine for female-to-male transgender magazine ftm .
 salesman sukvinder mannan lost control of car and crashed into bus stop .
rebecca mcmanus and harriet barnsley , both 21 , were waiting at the stop .
toni griffin always hated english and preferred maths at school .
the 32-year-old , from darwin , has no desire to write about straight fiction .'
 new two-tier ` priority ' and ` regular ' letter service could be introduced .
 decision comes after vermont votes for law requiring labelling of gm food .
landlord must remove waste by thursday or face fines and prosecution .
bishop of shrewsbury defended advice , saying it is question of morals .
aboriginal families say the plans do not benefit the community .
 star was driving with selma director ava duvernay in santa monica .
came after it was found he had been taking performance-enhancing drugs .
pao , 45 , had an affair with a colleague who had influence with partners .
the 16-year-old was trawling the water with a magnet when he found guns .
experts say some of the 40 weapons may have belonged to the ira .
 putin says a war between russia and ukraine is ` unlikely ' .
new study says even just half a glass of wine could damage a baby .
other items include skeleton from the pirates of the caribbean .
is eaten with wooden tongs to make it easier to smell the aroma of the bar .
police wish to speak to the men about allegedly racist chanting in london .
formerly owned by german inventor gustav a. mayer .
the pair made public debut at new york fashion week - after first being spotted at golden globes bash .'
as seal grew from a pup the net dug into its neck , making a deep wound .
animal is likely to have spent a year with the net wrapped around it .
 mayor of megyer , in hungary , has put the ` charming ' village up for rent .
 the reporters were allegedly operating the drone from a suburban park .
multiple vehicles were involved in the crash on wednesday morning .
bears had spotlight shone on them unexpectedly causing one to go blind .
 the 42-year-old was attending a meeting of the royal council on disability .
altercation occurred at a family function in washington in june .
reports said solo ` became belligerent ' with police .  '
british transport police now want to interview seven more men in london .
waldorf astoria guests drive a ferrari , porsche or mclaren supercar .'
` she blamed aide her for not handling the situation properly ' , source said .
arriva midlands carrying out investigation and says the ` matter is ongoing '
 figures show 15.5 million patients were admitted to hospital in 2013-14 .
those aged 65 to 69 most likely to be admitted , many after suffering a fall .
 rowan hanson , 11 , complained to dc about the lack of female characters .
rowan says she will continue to campaign for more girl characters .'
terry white will tell a judge that the hollywood star violated her probation .'
 photographer eric lafforgue took the ` banned ' images during a visit to north korea earlier this year .
 the liberal and labor leaders came face-to-face at a charity breakfast .
a neighbour caught the attack on camera , then called the police .
husband of 21 years , glenn was jailed for three years and eight months .
the owners posted a ` wanted ' note for them on facebook .
she is preparing for her hsc and has dreams of studying medicine .
there is a strong preference for exotic italian and french names .
based on the three little pigs with straw , stick and ` white-brick ' houses .
she had stayed at home to look after dairy herd while sisters went out .
she was yesterday awarded # 1.3 m in compensation for unpaid work .
 nato soldiers and armour took part in a military parade in estonia .
boys , aged 14 and 15 , were swerving near jetties and other boats .
 porsche was seized from brazilian business magnate eike batista .
they are trying to get 25 soldiers killed in action buried on home soil .
but hospital caring for him said that would not have led to his death .
mondella went into his private bathroom and shot himself in the head .
 queen mathilde was on crutches for royal visit to the eu parliament .
she also had help from eu commission president jean-claude juncker .
taken to hospital on july 21 but died four days later from bleed on brain .
10-year-old was planning to attach it to a balloon and let it off into the sky .
they dressed up as bird-watchers and went ` skinny bird watching ' .
the biography of his life , ralf , is out now from allen and unwin .
the investigation is now said to involve two more alleged victims .
london is most reviewed city in the world , the us most reviewed nation .'
in fact , there are no dams in southern israel and the flooding was caused by rain and drainage issues .
users can then subscribe to a service within these categories .
but she was left in tears after driver ` stopped her getting on ' in hereford .
bottles were fake versions of the best-selling world-famous chanel no 5 .
alleged to have filmed the rape of a toddler at a former motel 6 .
fbi found video of assault during investigation into masters .'
jack straw and sir malcolm rifkind filmed bragging about their access .
he discovered his angry bride indiravati , 23 , had married a guest instead .
eve workwear has been designed specifically to suit women .
locals believe entire village has been cursed by the outbreak .'
comes after claims bharti , 25 , had been sexually assaulted at work .
police say each victim filmed a suicide message on a mobile phone .
the oral b toothbrushes and gillette razor blades were worth # 2.7 million .
his parents were warned to either change the style or wear a hat in school .
he ran revenge porn site that posted nude photos of women without consent .
it is thought to be the first time a red king crab has been found in england .
one of its leaders is british-born aqsa mahmood who fled to syria in 2013 .
rodgers admitted he is fighting for his job after the crystal palace loss .
liverpool owners fenway sports group insist rodgers ' position is safe .
he was led away from poole high school in handcuffs in front of students .
the headteacher said she called police as soon as she had been informed .
an aviation expert said this issue could have caused planes to collide .
 david williford charged with 12 counts of animal cruelty at his property .
mino raiola claims a return to inter milan is ` impossible ' .
she was originally left a $ 3 million trust which she said was inadequate .
she claimed she was entitled to a $ 2.5 million house , a $ 100,000 wedding and $ 10,000 per year for accessories and handbags .
latest images to reveal the mystery patch were taken by dawn at a distance of 29,000 miles -lrb- 46,000 km -rrb- .
was key figure in radicalising mohammed emwazi in london .
her parents said eve would be ` laughing her head off ' at the touching letter .
left her paralysed from the neck down and she died after being discharged .
mrs thatcher put pressure on willie whitelaw to ` take over ' the bbc .
the pair , from adelaide , were moving a dead wombat off the road .
mr dimasi , who works in an abattoir , used a knife to cut the pouch .
 jonathan moseley and his partner were approached in town of redcar .
the men were told they may face terrorism offences by police officers .
 richard monteith went into pub with a union flag showing under his collar .
the 19-year-old 's lawyers have asked for coroner and dispatch records .
 sharrouf was a personality in sydney 's underworld and worked alongside business identity george alex .
he was jailed in 2005 after he was found guilty of terrorist activities .
teens were rushed to hospital for treatment but were later discharged .'
contradicts previous research that hinted religious people are risk averse .
they exchanged messages discussing raping and murdering newborns .
youtube 's infrastructure costs the company $ 3.8 billion per year .
 dr mohammed siddiqui was nhs paediatrician at southampton hospital .
56-year-old was convicted for 2001 murder of neighbor joana rodriguez .
west palm beach mayor says use of term ` dummies ' taken out of context .
mustafah was given a note and anti-anxiety medication from a doctor .
` they are being tested for a range of infectious diseases , ' hospital says .
the singer was initially accused of sexually assaulting a boy in the 1980s .
mondella went into his private bathroom and shot himself in the head .
etherson pleaded guilty to fraud and blamed a ` culture of deceit ' at midas .
 number of assyrian christians kidnapped by isis in syrian has risen to 220 .
experts believe plot was a burial ground for the roman elite in the area .
 jimmy carr presented british video of the year at last night 's brits .
but added that they were all varieties of hormone replacement therapy .
all operating segments for qantas were profitable second half of 2014 .
could see pedestrians being breathalysed if they are considered too drunk .
 the singer was ordered to pay an $ 880 fine and disqualified from driving .
 a stunning three-level property has been listed on the market - seeking offers of more than $ 900,000 .
man could n't remember anything and said ' i must have been possessed '
jonchuck 's divorce lawyer called a florida hotline a day before tragedy to warn about his mental state .
couple have now decided to cancel their booking and look elsewhere .
former kgb agent met with russian businessman weeks before death .
emmanuel jesus rangel , 19 , has been arrested in connection with the deaths and in another murder , which took place on sunday .
 father-of-two kidnapped in dubai and feared ` murdered in iran .
 students at durrell wildlife park in jersey put cameras into animal proof boxes .
new independent results say he was shot seven times , twice in the back .
european eagle owl in dutch town is responsible for 15 aerial assaults .
his mother is marquess of milford haven and his father is an old etonian .
next month it will attempt a round-the-world trip using just solar energy .
 itv producers muted huge chunks of the rapper 's expletive-ridden song .
 police have seized more than 100kg of methamphetamines in sydney .
written by comic david walliams it 's the favourite book of primary pupils .
after marrying , artist einar called himself lili and dressed as a woman .
william montgomery , 25 , was present at the attack and was sentenced to almost 20 years in prison .
she ` convinced ' boyfriend gregory owen to kill douglas in february 1997 .
he is serving a life prison sentence but could be released in next 10 years .
confused.com foi request found one uk driver is on road with 45 points .
 cheri parker , 56 , of north carolina says she will accept just $ 70,000 for car .
walked up to the house and could only watch as it burned down .
he had admitted it would ` not be months ' before the bank could be sold off .
she was seen stumbling , shaking and suffering fits , it was claimed .'
 maria petrou , 21 , from coventry , west midlands , suffered years of abuse .
she asked if she could breastfeed the three-month-old but was told she should cover up .
grohl stopped the concert and gave the man his drumstick .
 spain is considering breathalysing pedestrians involved in road accidents .
the experience inspired miss jensen to have a ` pay it forward ' theme for her may 1 wedding to jimmy gillespie , 21 .
he died in december 2014 .'
couple had massage company and were involved in swinging networks .
parents james , 37 and gemma , 33 , were told their son died of cot death .
 paul weeks disappeared on the malaysia airlinesflight mh370 .
 kelly emery , 34 , is accused of giving baby methadone to make him sleep .
parents dawn and mark allen set up foundation to spread happiness .
 mohammed emwazi , a kuwaiti-born 26-year-old who fled london for syria in 2012 , has been named as jihadi john .
she says the star only spent eight hours with young samantha in 2014 .
 jihadi john 's younger sister is a media student at middlesex university .
 police said that a body was found inside the vehicle in the new river in fort lauderdale on friday .
she said .
family booked their package holiday to new york with british airways .
gomez is wanted by the united states for methamphetamine trafficking .
foreign office publishes reminder of what they can and ca n't help with .
car belonged to small-budget team xtreme which did n't have a backup .
couple , who had three great-grandchildren , were married in march 1954 .
 robin bruins was driving his 1962 chevy impala in vegas when stopped .
photo shows dress being worn by mother of the bride .
judge rules boy must stay in england after father argues ` you ca n't hug skype '
from behind the headdress an attendant can be seen peeking his head out .'
but they were allowed to return to the capital by the government in 2011 .
 prince harry will travel to australia to work with local defence force .
comes after warning that the arctic could be ` ice-free ' in 40 years .
22 heavily-armed officers will escort the handcuffed drug smugglers .
they will get a military plane that takes them to location of their execution .
but he was stopped by police who saw him driving erratically and arrested .'
he said the next generation of entrepreneurs should be inspired in school .
 hannah delmonte , 16 , asked eagles player emmanuel acho , 24 , to her to prom in virginia .
as a surprise , acho went to her school in purcellville , virginia .
 ben phillips suffered extensive bleeding on the brain while cray fishing .
 australian women in full-time work earn 18.8 per cent less than men .
 anthony mcsweeney is guilty of indecent assault and making child porn .
vowed to lead the party into this election and ` all ' upcoming contests .
but he said the government would track down terrorists attacking uk .
 american randy work , 47 , slammed by judge at the high court in london .
comes as ukrainian president announced a plan to cease fighting in eastern ukraine after months of unrest .
the teenager will be 103 years old by the time of scheduled appointment .'
rare condition means he can not smile and his muscles will degenerate .
 lakhi was forced to beg in indian towns and temples by her owners .
 nicole richess was 18 when she met a group of soldiers on a night out .
leila mckinnon and bill shorten also saw white and gold .
 planned new code targets illegal downloading .
but when ms o'keefe went in with her newborn she was told to leave .
ms o'keefe posted the incident on bardot 's facebook page .
but campaign group equality now say numbers are ` just tip of the iceberg ' .
she called the national front ` fascist ' and criticised its rapid rise .
moving two-minute address brought planning board 's chairman to tears .
the two-year-old sang in new jersey high school gym in dad 's hometown .
they also can not smell if their food is spoiled or detect predators by scent .
 jourdan , 24 , picked up skincare tips after visit to tokyo .
 super fan reportedly tried to gift paris hilton a red coloured cadillac .
 the annual taipei lantern festival exhibition runs february 27 to march 8 .
 attorney general eric holder said on friday : ` we will hold accountable all those responsible .
smart phones can be plugged into the integrated entertainment system .
he aircraft is also one of the quietest and fuel efficient within its class .
the 49-year-old was arrested as he left his house on friday .
capture followed a months-long stakeout by intelligence personnel .
pair gesture to cameras in cairo courtroom in defiance of life sentences .
 thomas hoey jr , 46 , beat girlfriend alison bretherick , 29 , to a pulp in 2012 .
he has become notorious for his outspoken beliefs on social media .
this week , islamic state terrorist was unmasked as mohammed emwazi .'
liz bought her picturesque house in north yorkshire in october 2012 .
worked with daughter at north korea at korean united development bank .
she died on thursday after a seven-year battle with the cancer .
he will have surgery to remove slow-growing tumour from his lung .
he was rescued after the 4x4 car got stuck in a hole .
firefighters could not get to mitsubishi pajero before the tide came in .
is only one in the lower 48 states that meets aviation guidelines .
it occurred off the coast of nishinoshima island , 620miles south of tokyo .
said rick perry .
during her long career she pulled millions of pints and served celebrities .
just hours later , sam cristoforetti posted image of herself doing gesture .
they have launched a fund-raising page for treatments in new york .
a campaign by strangers raised $ 150,000 for the family after his death .
pair are subject to probe following kitzhaber 's resignation last week .
the two pups keep feeding while their mum is sleeping .
the pups are now six weeks old and growing well .
undercover reporter known as the ` fake sheikh ' set up a cocaine deal with her .
 tracey connelly met toni hewitson when both were inmates at durham jail .
now serving time again after trying to sell pornographic pictures of herself .
 peering over a classmate 's shoulder , this is isis killer jihadi john aged 10 .
mohammed emwazi was seen holding a ` jihadi flag ' at the extremist rally .
the boy 's father involved the police and ennis has been charged with child endangerment .
bears had spotlight shone on them unexpectedly causing one to go blind .
 dozen councils in england had bans on foster parents using e-cigarettes .
 anna duritskaya was with charismatic opposition leader when he was shot .
 arthur mondella , 57 , president of dell 's maraschino cherries factory in brooklyn , shot himself dead at his home last tuesday .
customers ` relax ' in the cafes by hanging out with bunnies .
communities minister penny mordaunt made the obscene speech as a bet .
model leah jung was naked from the waist down .
they were understood to have captured three soviet-made jets from regime .
 airline changed the route from flying above ukraine after downing of mh17 .
 thursday morning flight from omaha to milwaukee .
flight 1894 delayed while other pilot was called in .'
 gary sherrill , 51 , admitted to cops he killed his 13-year-old son .
dr wainwright says it could have been sent to earth by intelligent alien life .
 discovery was made by analysing australopithecus africanus fossils .
 susan and christopher edwards deny murdering her parents .
police told mrs wycherley claimed to have had an affair with mr edwards .
silvia strnadova , 26 , and husband miroslav , 30 , arrested by slovak police .
claims he was not in great distress as he was held down by daniel pantaleo .
the malaysian flag carrier is majority-owned by the government .'
 360-degree high-altitude dining at la panoramic in chamonix , france .
 renato gianella says it is possible to predict winning lottery numbers .
he has to scale a 131ft ladder if he wants to come down .
 helen mirren will take up the role of queen elizabeth ii again - but this time on stage .
 radio 1 has banned madonna for being ` irrelevant and old ' for its listeners .
paris debutantes ball held at the automobile club on saturday , launching 20 hand-picked girls into ` society ' .
he lived alone , had no relatives - and unopened post was found from 1996 .'
 jeralean talley was born on may 23 , 1899 and is the oldest living american in the united states .
 derby are preparing to take on chelsea in capital one cup quarter-final .
they were married in a ceremony in the girl 's village in jharkhand , india .
strudwick has been told to work with manchester united 's youth players .
 justice holman said toddler will live with family of father who rejected him .
7 on his head .
 jack mcewan fears he took drug when his drink was spiked at a nightclub .
the uber driver got into a fight with his three passengers when they questioned the route he was taking them home .
` charles : the heart of a king ' claims the prince asked the now disgraced paedophile to read over his speeches and make any suggested changes .
evidence of small pieces of plastic bags were also found in other nests .
rosicky played a pass to a team-mate while looking the other way .
 chelsea complete signing of st etienne defender kurt zouma for # 12.5 m .
 prince and fianc\xc3\xa9e had cold feet about wedding , controversial book claims .
biography claims he was worried that he was rushing into the marriage .
77-year-old known for making controversial remarks .'
youtube video of new york actress shoshana roberts went viral last week .
pougatch mainly works for bbc radio 5 live .
mark pougatch will take over from chiles with immediate effect .
they were found unresponsive in their car in a mcdonald 's parking lot as their eight-month-old son sat in the back on saturday .
corruption and ` influence peddling ' charges laid against him on wednesday .
 daniel sturridge picked up injury while on international duty .
sturridge could also miss merseyside derby on september 27 .
the royal highland fusiliers , 2nd battalion of the royal regiment of scotland , marched in a homecoming parade through ayr town centre .'
 arsenal to hold their annual general meeting later on thursday .
 suffocated by abramovich 's diktat on always playing torres .
captain gold , 43 , told court he saw her being beaten and rolled into river .
nigel pearson could select robert huth for his leicester debut .
21-year-old was accused of harassing reah mansoor for four years .
 gillian hendry and craig dick , both 34 , jailed for keeping children in squalor .
son , 12 , went blind in his left eye after they failed to treat his cataracts .
the trickster was left red-faced by two-time world champion sean garnier .
 muller and kroos reportedly unsettled at bayern munich .
west ham are also said to be keen on signing the 33-year-old striker .
 jon imondi , 33 , sung the medley for couple nathan , 33 , and laura webb , 34 .
a further 12 per cent of tweets referenced ` rape ' threateningly .
former chelsea legend works at the club on a freelance basis .
research suggests it alters genes in brain including memory and emotion .
dimitrov , who is ranked 16 in the world , lost the match .'
the new home comes with eight bathrooms , nine bedrooms and a sauna .'
claims she ` does n't really speak ' with simon cowell any more .
 children at north london jewish primary school were verbally abused .
 calypso nash has lost her job at st hilda 's college , and students are furious .
deluge gives villagers a boost as tourists flock to see the spectacle .
an average of 12m of water falls on the village each year .'
 the ` gateway to jihad ' is along an open stretch of rugged turkish border .
adebolajo was deported from kenya and flown back to uk .
it also has a special sos button on the rear for summoning assistance .
soon after the pilot requested a ` priority ' landing in brisbane .
the plane landed safely about 10am on tuesday .
 transgender children as young as 12 are being given hormone blockers .
 actor was .
 alison bitney was visiting a friend in santa clarita , california when she says the dog gus viciously attacked her .
the certificate expired this month , but she insists they will still marry .
came as the home secretary admitted there may have been a cover-up .
took another 18 years for a proper archaeological dig to take place .
two australian backpackers bought a lion cub and kept it in their flat .
her head was only recovered last month , six months after she died .
marco reus grabbed dortmund 's third goal four minutes before the half-time break .
had objected to colleague showing off photos of wife 's nude portrait .
 kensington palace confirmed news today .
this means it could have been built during the reign of alexander the great .
romanians give food to poor once a year at service of alms for the dead .
 veteran canadian pilot chris goodfellow says his viral online post debunks claims that the missing malaysian airlines flight was hijacked .
investigators believe plane most likely flew into southern indian ocean .
mallah , 30 , was first australian charged under new terror laws but was acquitted .'
the remaining embassies and consulates will re-open on august 10 .
 researchers at the university of michigan simulated mars in a lab .
 sol campbell stars in ` operation black vote ' encouraging minorities to vote .
a researcher and national geographic film crew made the discoveries .
moore was a member of campaign group greenpeace for 15 years .
 scientists have found evidence for a giant release of carbon dioxide .
the international team was led from the university of st andrews , scotland .
a change in rainfall over the north pacific unleashed stored co2 .
 adidas has unveiled how the brazuca has been improved for the players .
his vehicle was left teetering 50ft above the busy m26 below .
describes star wars character jabba the hutt as resembling a ` terrorist ' .
 13 staff were staking out depths of polar winter at halley research station .
 council asks non-muslim women to wear hijab to promote understanding .
one worker has been sacked and another three have been suspended .
 khloe dismissed the claims after the report was published .
 an orthodox jewish plane passenger was seen wrapped in a plastic bag during a flight .
 imran khan is believed to have married news anchor reham khan , 41 .
gang 's official facebook page says its members ` are at the front fighting ' .
drug is made from borrachero tree , which is common in colombia .
 councillor wife of simon danczuk says she hopes thieves ` find love .
 peshmerga troops converted old tractors and lorries into military vehicles .
desperate to see her children , she will today present her case to the inter-american human rights commission , in washington .
beneath the cabin is a missile centre designed to withstand a direct hit from a nuclear missile .
has made 8-figures trading - rumored to be as much as $ 72million .
he cites his inspiration as billionaire hedge-funder paul tudor jones , 60 .
defence contractor wanted for treason for leaking spy agency documents .
 michelle knight , amanda berry and gina dejesus separately visited the home in cleveland to thank neighbors for their support .
 white house developed a strategy to attack isis on the ground in iraq .
 millie , 24 , has been using xbox fitness to stay in shape .
rear admiral arnaud coustelliere says scope of attacks is ` unprecidented ' .
but a friend of the couple said the 28-year-old was a male prostitute .
she said people are shocked when they see him and she 's ` quite defensive ' .
then relationship between levitin and silberkleit broke down last year .
` i 'm embarrassed .
 french lingerie brand claims caffeine-infused shapewear blasts cellulite .
tent where gaddafi met tony blair is overrun .
amused tourist turns camera on himself and smiles during video .'
job agencies are said to be bombarded with people asking how to claim .
after returning to school with a short hairstyle , jetta was bullied by other students for weeks .
pair are baffled by sighting and are adamant it was not the moon or a plane .'
apple 's iphone 6 came first , followed by the iphone 6 plus and galaxy s5 .
the executive had worked for jp morgan for 10 years - 7 years in london .
an 11-year-old san diego boy 's full body rash was traced back to his ipad purchased in 2010 .
 michael thomasson , 43 , has collected games since age 12 .
 the eagles were spotted outside a cemetery in sitka , alaska .
have been targeted by recruitment networks belonging to the islamic state .
gained infamy after demonstrating how to hack cash machines .
the 20-year-old signed from la liga champions atletico madrid .'
 borussia dortmund 's marco reus is a target for europe 's top clubs .
pcc sue mountstevens admitted telling gargan name of complainant .
paul scholes says that if gerrard had to leave liverpool he should have switched to chelsea after the reds ' champions league win in 2005 .
daniel sturridge is expected to return to the liverpool squad this weekend .
 vinson , 29 , works at dallas hospital that cared for thomas eric duncan .
murray has a 4-6 head-to-head record against berdych .
hundreds of horrified witnesses watched as he was crushed by train .
police hunting for slim-built white male in his 30s .'
mother has waged facebook campaign against teacher .
now ex-boyfriend says gammon contacted him to say he could n't cope .
anne will now retire it enclosure in longleat where she will live in luxury .
 marcus collins shot the woman first and then shot himself .
 kasim reed , 44 , today announced he 's married his fiancee , former beauty queen sarah-elizabeth langford .
the mayor and his wife named the baby maria kristan reed .
bassong was n't picked for cameroon at the world cup in brazil .
burgess has agreed to switch codes and join bath in rugby union .
 there were 5,408 rapists serving time in jail in england and wales in 2013 .
fernando torres broke record when he moved from liverpool to chelsea .
another man dialled 999 to check the non-emergency number for police .
chelsea , city and united were all keen on signing moroccan .'
the logan man fled australia in august , with friends saying he was in syria to find a new wife .
news corp and 21st century fox say they will not face prosecution in us .
 gen ys are australia 's smartest savers , according to a commbank questionnaire .
the actress has worked with stars including julia roberts , meryl streep and jennifer aniston .
made from .
england had beaten germany and holland earlier in the tournament .
concerns that government are pursuing military ambitions in the region .
 essex police officers just gave a burglar a caution .
google are said to be reviewing the injunction which was issued yesterday .
immediately afterwards he had a fit , followed by a brain haemorrhage .
 megan white died last year after falling ill at all saint 's academy , cheltenham .
team gb .
sisters sophie , 9 , and lisa , 7 , are also in training to be weightlifters .
mr ingram promised to raise enough money for him to have treatment .
can no longer even play with his own sons or hold a job .
equation .
also claim he did not possess dog leash nor belt he was hanged from .
lennon was in relationship with a 31-year-old white woman that had apparently not been well received by predominantly white community .
creates many potential eu citizens who have right to live in the uk .'
now an expert says the noises sound like a ` pulse detonation engine ' .
 rebecca farnworth died on november 24 surrounded by her family .
his mother stephanie said daniel is ` thrilled ' with his new hand , which means he can now pull crackers at christmas .
the 26-year-old wrongly believed she was able to park her mini there .
 pupils from two top greater manchester schools set to visit west africa .
each of the 24 hand-painted ornaments comes in its own velvet pouch and is hung from behind the house .'
 mothers carried their children in the wombs that brought them into world .
 the film array can screen for ebola with 90percent accuracy .
he said his girlfriend of two years mia goth was in the queue outside .
robert mitchell , 17 , turned himself in sunday and is being charged as adult with first-degree murder .
but buckingham palace said james , viscount severn , was not in danger .
paris mayor and danish prime minister also edited out by the announcer .
 the austrian government rents adolf hitler 's childhood home in beaunau .
 passengers on the ultimate train in lightwater valley hit the animal at 50mph .
pale or gingerish markings round the eyes take appearance of spectacles .
 mps and campaigners have called pre-charge bail a ` perversion of justice ' .
he confronted them in bristol and was told lover was better in bed than him .
the family have since set up a road safety foundation in their son 's honour .
a spongy rubber coating has been installed and the equipment has now been reopened .'
today bbc announced they would not be taking further action against him .
 martin fulton , 16 , invited 500 people to an out-of-control party on saturday night which had to be shut down by police .
he now plans to go ahead and hold another party on new year 's eve .
interiors accented with elk horns and locally-sourced wood furnishings .
 anderson cooper unexplained absence from show cleared up .
 scandic 's ` to go ' hotel room is an 18 square metre portable container .
29-year-old mother-of-two doutzen kroes from holland is known for her curves .
but others defended the tree , saying it was meant to be ` conceptual ' .
four men have been arrested and police are appealing for witnesses .'
 lee osler , 35 , admitted putting bleach into his ex girlfriend 's drink .
but fishermen in dayawan bay , south-east china , are keeping it alive .
they are said to make more cash from showing tourists than catching fish .'
drs.
she was shot dead by marcus dee , 31 , before he turned gun on himself .
 david cameron and nick clegg turn up at stonehenge to hail new tunnel .
missed the opening of her london store to accept role in new york .
 bear spotted by camera trap set up by radioactivity research project .
he was minorly injured and taken to hospital , where he was arrested .
 prince albert was joined by sister princess st\xc3\xa9phanie for charity auction .
brendan rodgers is keen to keep gerrard at anfield .
areeb majeed , 23 , left for iraq in may to join terror group 's brutal uprising .
 french documentary claims late fashion designer worked for the nazis .
newark liberty international not far behind on 90.1 .
the seal team six member was one of 33 killed when a chinook helicopter was gunned down in afghanistan .
 atsu is set to spend next season on loan at everton .
they said he is very protective and had saved the family from a bear .
 thousands took part in the 15-minute ` die-in ' in southwark , central london .
package holidays and transatlantic flights are also in the pipeline .
one of his techniques is to choke women and silence them .
in a video by pedestrian tv he attempts nine popular emojis .
andrea pirlo believes balotelli needs some tlc to realise his potential .'
all passengers on the shannon-wroclaw journey were given free flights .
videographer describes the structure of tower bridge as being a ` great sight to behold ' .
 david prescott , 50 , began bodybuilding when he was a young man .
doctors discovered he had tumours in his liver and intestines .
for months her skin became blotchy and sore at the slightest trigger .
pixie rose curtis has more than 28 thousand instagram followers .
 cara delevingne , gwyneth paltrow and jennifer lawrence are also fans of the low-cut look .'
was trying to impress a crew member , passenger and friend on the island .
younger children , aged two and three , were strapped into seats in the back .
the gel blocks the tube , meaning sperm can not be released .
keane pulled out of the running to become celtic manager .
forwards matt smith and dominic poleon were moved on .
 polls show the yes and better together campaigns neck and neck .
the great composer was lonely , but his loneliness was self-inflicted .
it 's designed to run more than 14,000 of the retro computer 's games .
popstar said she was inspired by portobello road market .
 nicola lynch was diagnosed with the condition hypermobility syndrome .
it means the 18-year-old 's joints dislocate , which is incredibly painful .
horman had a request to have her name changed refused in august .
plan red was code for massive war with british empire .
david de gea and paco alcacer could feature against luxembourg .
teenage girls wrote better programs to create more complex games .
 the creature 's remains were found washed up by troops on russian beach .
russian special forces took away the bones to conduct an in-depth study .
jones was at .
the bill came to $ 16,266.66 .
davies trained at london zoo and feeds ` his lordship ' worms and maggots .
 bassingbourn from the end of 2013 will be used to train 2,000 libyan troops .'
the italian was substituted , and later criticised by brendan rodgers .
 thierry henry will always be welcome back at arsenal .
203,000 russians have left the country in just eight months this year .
kremlin admits it will soon enter recession with rouble at an all-time low .
roy hodgson was preparing to substitute his captain before goal , claim itv .
klain was widely criticized for not being visible during ebola outbreak .
neville has noted and laughed off the criticism on his twitter account .
many people are complaining about the ` experiment ' on the social network .
he is in a critical condition in hospital and is being held in isolation .
children dead are thought to be no older than the third grade .
former liverpool midfielder claims it 's the worst team for a decade .
 senzo meyiwa was declared dead on arrival at hospital after being shot .
government has decided there was ` no case for investment ' in sites .
 the crocodiles approach swimmers in the waters of quintana roo in mexico .
the 71-year-old says being selected for england is the ` ultimate accolade '
 sebastien bascoules captured the anaconda because it ate a friend 's dog .
but unlicensed cabs and rickshaws have muscled in on their trade .
ontario county district attorney michael tantillo said wednesday that ward had enough marijuana in his system that night to ` impair judgement ' .
the twitter spat began when trump tweeted that brand is ' a major loser ' .
 shropshire farmer dinah thompson , 55 , left stunned my mammoth arrival .'
 photo taken at a protest in northern queensland has been shared around the world .
 steven gerrard gifted demba ba a goal at the back end of last season .
 mercedes have taken ` suitable disciplinary measures ' against rosberg .
but he claims anti-english mob have repeatedly vandalised the building .
 england defeated estonia 1-0 in their euro 2016 qualifier in tallinn .
 kelly gadsby , from tamworth , was on the pill and had periods as normal .
he spoke to participants during a live broadcast from the streets of paris .
company already lets customers swap fries for salad in france .
 claire perry attacks the ` financial goody bags ' on offer to edinburgh .
swimmer mark foster also makes an appearance .
 five-month-old sebastian stopped breathing while in aunt 's car .
 father-of-two david haines abducted by militants in syria last year .
 many , who are just in their 30s , are in need of long-term oxygen therapy .
 liverpool loanee divock origi comes up against everton on thursday .
alli made his mk dons debut in 2012 aged 16 .
 west ham striker andy carroll tweeted using baby and bottle emoticons .
 d'andre berghardt jr was killed during confrontation on nevada road .
group rated cars ` good , ' ` acceptable , ' ` marginal ' or ` poor ' .
 bayern munich thrashed roma 7-1 in champions league on tuesday .
 lt col townsend griffiss shot down by british fighters over english channel .
cardinal claimed pope 's message of compassion had been ` manipulated '
spain international is renowned for playing dressing room jokes .
to celebrate , ideal standard have produced a commemorative toilet seat .
sponsors sony and adidas have spoken about corruption claims .'
was vice-principal at mohiuddin international girls college for 7 months .
but she lost her claim for racial discrimination at an employment tribunal .
uefa said action could be taken against the clubs once the match delegate has submitted their report .
 wisconsin engineer uses self-assembled 3d printer to create cheap plastic gun and has already successfully fired nine .38 caliber shots .
 sean kory , 29 , targeted the reveller in santa cruz , california , on friday .
he then started hitting the victim with the aluminium tennis racket .
 natalie jo eaton , 18 , was filmed surrounded by medical staff from as they helped her walk again inside an atlanta facility .
he joins family 's dogs in watching tv , eating from food bowls and cuddles .
andoni zubizarreta , barca 's sporting director , claims a deal is not close .
 fiorentina want to extend the contract of juan cuadrado .
no equipment is needed to sit and stand without any support .
 the patent was originally filed in 2011 but only awarded this week .
says she feels ` ashamed ' about divorce but is committed to co-parenting .
shot thousands of images between 1936 and 1945 - most in colour .
 cabella completed his move to newcastle on sunday evening .
 ` guardiola , mourinho and moyes will always be in demand ' .
 manny pacquiao and floyd mayweather could fight in may 2015 .
says she is ` very fortunate ' to have husband keith urban .
jordan henderson needs to add more goals to his game if he is to replace steven gerrard as liverpool captain next season .
man city won the premier league and league cup last time out .
authorities investigated after relatives took the girl , who was covered in feces and weighed the same as a five-year-old , to hospital .
steve sells told police he locked her up to protect himself from the girl .'
the repetitive chewing of tough kebab meat can lead to jaw ache .
it passed through cuban airspace before reaching the caribbean and crashing in the water off jamaica on friday afternoon .
the chopper landed on the king power pitch before taking off again .
 scott panetti was diagnosed with schizophrenia some 14 years before killing his estranged wife 's parents in texas in 1992 .
his lawyers made an 11th hour appeal to save him as he ` stands on the razor 's edge of competency ' .
daniel ricciardo will now become the team 's main driver .
ricciardo said people at the f1 team know he ` has the goods '
there are claims board members are split over whether he should return .
 eminent physicist john belcher says feat has ` no danger ' .
serie a clubs have fallen behind premier league , la liga and bundesliga .
gymnasts somersault off bridge in olympic style during footage .'
 arsene wenger is confident his side can be crowned champions again .
officials said that she had herself claimed to be isis leader 's spouse .
daughter was pronounced dead at maimonides medical center .'
iran has launched several airstrikes against isis in recent days .
attacks in eastern iraq are not co-ordinated with coalition forces .
 the dictatorship hopes to entice tourists to the secretive nation .
the nation is an international pariah over human rights abuses .'
she reported them over concerns metal could easily ` slice a child 's wrist '
the student denies preparing acts of terrorism in syria at old bailey .'
secret report was given to leveson inquiry but they did not act on it .
 major record labels stripped of more than two billion video views .
 600 migrants attempted to storm a barrier to make their way into spain .
he and his wife nora co-wrote obituary which was published sunday .
 this morning aired the procedure to dispel myths and worries about op .
doctors did n't know if she would walk and talk again .
 caroline foxley , 59 , was convicted of falsely claiming welfare benefits .
indicated he was moving swiftly on from this week 's referendum alliance .
the couple crawled to the window to snap the pictures of the giraffe .
 ex-president of the european council given a ` transitional allowance ' .
doctors warned her parents their daughter had a 10 % chance of surviving .
 lionel messi joined barcelona on september 17 , 2000 .
 john allen has been jailed for life over decades of sustained abuse .
evans has continually protested his innocence , saying sex was consensual .
bradford bulls are relegated despite win over rivals .
200 ` comfort letters ' told on-the-run ira suspects they were not sought .
the man was accused of being a ` child of lot ' and thrown off the court roof .
but he later needed 30 stitches to the 6cm-long gash on his face .
 the hotel is 40,000 sq ft and will feature beds and hot showers .
whether a song has words did not make a difference in the experiment .
 prince edward raised his 12-bore shotgun to his shoulder during the shoot on the queen 's sandringham estate .
pair had been married for only two months when voynov , 24 , was arrested on october 19 .
the 28-year-old threatened polish national before slashing him in back .
messages reveal how bbc bargained with them over what should be said .
police quizzed him , but he was not arrested and no charges were brought .
her daughter angela said she only discovered pathway after her death .
 godmother of chloe valentine from adelaide gave up reporting neglect by her parents .
supermarkets blame bad crops and higher demands .'
kassig , was an only child so became close to siblings , jana , 20 and sam , 18 .
they say the fbi has not helped though their grief or provided support .
woman was mumbling to herself at time of both attacks , police said .
was expressing frustration at decision not to indict officer wilson .
doctors said aspirin could help thin her blood and prevent miscarriage .
doctors were shocked and said these were the biggest breasts they 'd seen .
he had also suffered testicular and prostate cancer .
the dutchman replaced david moyes as manchester united boss .
reveals he wanted to be in new film but fears dementia would let him down .
he is among large number of foreigners fighting with the lions of rojava .
 athletic bilbao were in control of the match against shakhtar donetsk .
case can be pre-ordered for $ 99 in the us and will launch in other regions after phorm goes on sale in the summer .
johnson has reached malayasia on a six-day tour of the far east .'
 labour veteran asked by mr miliband this year but turned down the offer .
owners helen and stewart mackechnie started chocolatiers in 2003 .
 andy murray was defeated by novak djokovic in the australian open final .
 abdullahi yusuf , 18 , was arrested as he tried to board a flight to turkey .
both men are charged with conspiracy to support a terrorist organisation .
 mata believes united can get back to the top with no european distraction .
 the titlis rotair gondola travels to the top of mount titlis in switzerland .
she took aim at the judicial and parole systems .
concrete would make a kind of bacteria to fill the cracks in surface .
atletico madrid boss celebrates his 1,000 th day in charge on thursday .
his wife , sarah lancashire , stars in two of the hit shows he mentioned .'
driver crashed car into lamppost , badly damaging rear of the vehicle .
 break-up of the supercontinent gondwana 130 million years ago caused major tectonic upheaval .
 colin williams , 36 , stole more than # 200,000 over a three-year period .
the procedure involves nothing more than pliers and a piece of string .
 douw steyn , 62 , is the south african entrepreneur who set up insurance firm comparethemarket in peterborough .
a car hit the couple who were thrown into the air on february 5 .
some are genuine fans who want to be the first to own the new handsets .
he ate a combination of yellow and pink peeps , which are shaped into chicks or bunnies and are popular around easter .
marouane fellaini has upped his game in a midfield three recently .
coroner ruled that the ` deeply troubled girl ' intended to take her own life .
 families are spending more money on package holidays and gadgets .
on one occasion he pointed the weapon at a teenage girl shop assistant .
complaint said samantha , who does not exist , is treated as ` sexual object ' .
jobless migrants to be offered no support and kicked out after six months .
 ruben lopez won the mr universe title in lima , peru last month .
the most popular museum in 2014 was the louvre , in paris .
gunners legend supports san antonio spurs nba team .
januzaj labels the manchester united assistant manager his ` godfather ' .
januzaj says giggs was his ` favourite player of all time at united '
 u.s. officials put pressure on qatar 's government to allow los angeles couple , matthew and grace huang , to return home .
said cosby had invited her to talk about appearing on his show .
he used money to build a $ 1.6 m home and buy cars and weapons .
lukas novy earned the right to wear the sieve as part of his faith .
police are investigating fatal shooting , but believe it was an accident .
the truck was due to visit royal manchester children 's hospital on sunday .
 roman abramovich will reportedly host family and friends at the hotel between sunday and thursday next week for the jewish holiday .
his congregation then voted to ban him from the alabama church .
but his lawyer has argued the church had agreed to employ him for life .
was greeted by new mayor john tory who thanked mr ford for his service .
 prince charles and the duchess were visiting sky studios in west london .
he said his voice , produced by a speech synthesizer , is his ` trademark '
 larry mcquilliams tried to burn down mexican consulate in austin , texas .
he was associated with racist and anti-semitic right wing christians .
he died after a friend driving his bmw convertible crashed at speed .
yair lapid and tzipi livni opposed his bill enshrining israel as jewish state .
in april , he was bailed after being charged with assault for beating his wife .
phillip hughes farewelled at a funeral in home town of macksville on wednesday .
he was rushed to hospital with a body temperature that had fallen to 12c .
the former waitress is the wife of thailand 's crown prince maha .
he then died from internal bleeding while at the royal blackburn hospital .
joshua was reluctant to agree during press conference on wednesday .
image of her being helped into an ambulance gained worldwide attention .
mine went bankrupt over a decade ago but did not clean up pollution .
 brad barritt starred as england beat australia 26-17 at twickenham .
barritt was out on wednesday in support of the icap charity day .
one of the causes is england rugby 's all schools programme .
but his bayern munich team-mate jerome boateng wants the job .
 chelsea 's diego costa ready to be selected for manchester united clash .
 barcelona won 1-0 away at valencia in sunday 's la liga clash .
the pair will be competing at the brazil grand prix on sunday .
sreckovic is passionate red star fan and graduate in chinese and literature .
ghana , algeria and senegal drawn together in group c .
mary berry of the great british bake off said ` we should all stay as a family '
waitress had brought over book and crayons , mistaking him for a child .
loehmann was allowed to quit the force in december 2012 and was hired by cleveland police department in march .
 glen johnson 's # 100,000-a-week contract runs out next summer .
the 19-year-old admits he is ' a bit skinny ' and wants to put on muscle .
claims to dream about western junk food while fighting on the frontline .
also posts messages about his pet cat ` anbar ' , who he calls ` my princess '
ayahna suffered from cerebral palsy and was confined to a wheelchair .
 ` we 're handling it internally , ' david watson , a spokesman for the apostolic united brethren , or aub , said .
coroner ruled that the ` deeply troubled girl ' intended to take her own life .
 colombia and usa are playing each other at craven cottage .
radamel falcao and james rodriguez are likely to feature in the game .'
reds have lost both games since 25-year-old 's injury .
three-banded armadillos are native to the caatinga forest in brazil .
species are listed as ` vulnerable ' as they have lost half their habitat .
comes as president obama announces air strikes will extend into syria .
the pop star has long been part of mayweather 's inflated entourage .
 arsenal beat southampton at the emirates on wednesday night .
 sharneen ` shawn ' norman , 49 , found dead from gunshot wound inside her dallas home monday evening .
 results based on a survey from yougov who asked 608 west ham fans .
 ringo starr has just listed his colorado ranch for $ 3.85 million , the same price he tried to sell it for last year .
aircraft is in ` remarkable condition ' and the wings and engines are intact .
he made remarks in a video message which was played at house of lords .
nemanja matic had his fifth booking of the season and will be suspended .'
didier drogba and loic remy were the strikers on the score-sheet .
shevchenko says she is still angry and more protest is planned .
 sunderland were hammered 8-0 by southampton at the weekend .
smokers will have to stop for at least eight weeks before their operation .
 test involves looking at cells from the mouth and nose under infrared light .
scientists ' vision is for smokers to be tested in a gp practice or pharmacy .
 a large cloud over st. louis that kept changing size and speed turned out to be a swarm of monarch butterflies .
they were making their annual trip south for the winter , travelling thousands of miles to the mountains of mexico .
bbc1 and bbc2 will broadcast 315 re-runs over two week period .
users .
ronnie wood took to twitter to pay tribute to his faces bandmate .
the hospital , which houses a specialized isolation unit , treated the first americans who contracted the virus while working abroad .
it was her first performance in 5 years and first return to uk in 12 years .
but maria , who is ` proud ' of breasts , said : ` i 'm not interested in politics '
 more than 550 killings by police not included in fbi figures between 2007 and 2012 .
court of appeal said it was ` not a criminal offence ' that she drank to excess .
family launch petition to ensure killer is deported to papua new guinea .
appears to contradict previous claims he ` tripped and stumbled ' into raft .
revealed to be a screen grab from another zombie movie world war z .
the family recently moved to the gold coast - where it all started .
van ginkel is with the serie a giants on a one-year loan from chelsea .'
chambers , 19 , played the full 90 mins in arsenal 's 1-0 win on wednesday .
drinks are responsible for poor concentration in the classroom , he added .
recently penned a tell-all about her affair with president bill clinton for the magazine .
around 900 customers purchased seats before agents noticed the error .
 martin kimber quit job at council and was expected to leave at end of year .
 william davies bravely snuck into german trench in the dead of night .
while dancing he pulled out his wallet and took out a credit card .
 reindeer was due to be centrepiece of festive farm attraction .
it came as sunni extremists killed 15 iraqi policemen at a checkpoint .
 guo jian was forced to smash his most iconic artwork .
food options are also seen to be more lavish compared with 10 years ago .
foreign minister was not consulted about it and went ` bananas at the pm ' .
extravagant spending follows council saving # 7m from budget in 5 years .'
 parker mills hired to wear donkey kong suit at nintendo video game launch .
jack ikegwuonu played for the badgers as a cornerback from 2005 to 2007 , and william played for northern illinois university in dekalb .'
blew the whistle over conditions at croydon university hospital in 2011 .
it has been claimed that he may have used prosthetic leg to hit another fan .
critics said today that corporation ` is a self-serving old boys ' network ' .
top accountant at pricewaterhousecoopers , nicholas , is worth up to # 11m .
 most reverend justin welby said the tv industry ` condoned ' era of abuse .
 miriam moskowitz , 98 , served 2 years in prison for obstruction of justice .
36 days later she was discovered in one of the removal boxes .
 chancellor announced major reforms to unpopular stamp duty system .
but some experts have warned it will damage top-end of housing market .
heather 's local community have raised more than $ 26k for her treatment .
he allegedly stabbed her repeatedly in the middle of a tottenham street .
colonel anrig will step down from the swiss guard on january 31 , 2015 .
they learned he 'd been roaming the streets and living off scraps for years .
receipts show $ 6384 of taxpayers money was spent on lavish dining by defence minister david johnston and his chief of staff sean costello .
armed officers arrive and order them to lie down and surrender weapons .
fifteen footballers are named including luis suarez and wayne rooney .
only three women - tennis stars maria sharapova , serena wiliams and li na - make the top 100 .'
 everyday h\xc3\xbcseyin burak tuzer sees breathtaking sky-high views that most tourists only dream of .
thai police claim they confessed and their dna was found at the scene .
combs opened the truck 's door and the two fought .
combs then shot bailey three times .
 duke and duchess of cambridge have flown to a resort on the maldives .
 the edelweiss chalet in courchevel is the world 's most expensive chalet .
warnock felt chelsea players had say in damien delaney 's sending off .
manager chris coleman pleased with the development of his player .
plaintiffs are seeking $ 350 million -lrb- # 223 million -rrb- in damages , which could be tripled under antitrust laws .'
 the black eyed peas singer worked on both of mr obama 's presidential campaigns .
a friend electrocuted trying to save him is expected to live .'
 south african jay freestyle , 29 , works in amsterdam .
 aerobatic stunts filmed during an airshow near neuquen , argentina .
female armadillos found to give birth to just one baby every two years .
the winners of the four groups in division a will qualify for euro 2020 .
scottish avalanche information .
she is to undergo surgery this week in california to ease pain in her back .'
they asked the 23-year-old to send over his designs from an exhibition .
but sportsmail understands he was still happy to start in tallinn .
months .
it camouflages itself by covering its body with dust and soil particles .
called paratropis tuxtlesis , it is a member of the paratropididae family .
 steven gerrard asked liverpool for a transfer in 2005 .
victims transported by france 's state rail company will be eligible .
it was equipped with a cheap and simple japanese-made canon camera .'
but since then , the terrine has proved remarkably difficult to buy .
his father , zinedine zidane , is assistant manager of castilla team .
several bodies were buried with iron shackles on their necks and ankles .
 the 65-year-old chief political correspondent will exit this month .
 louis van gaal set to add key players to his manchester united side .
 the f1 drivers ' championship will be decided at the abu dhabi grand prix .
explosion happened at the main pakistan-india border crossing .
owner tony fernandes tweets criticism of the qpr midfielder .
pelle and kongolo could follow the dutchman from feyenoord .'
image captioned ` we have different values and allies ' retweeted 1,000 times .
however , in six years the numbers of deaths have doubled .
